Access denied - the toilet door stays closed

Author: Stingray

*000*2026-03-15 13:29

Yesterday's daily dare by @TheLoneRanger was: Come up with a short fictional omo story at a cafe. I'm a bit late to the show, but voilá!

Right off Main Street there’s a cute little café. Comfy chairs, plenty of plants, and a bookshelf where people can take and leave books as they like. It always smells of fresh coffee and cinnamon, and there’s a fine selection of homemade cakes and sandwiches. It’s popular with people from all walks of life, always busy, but never too crowded or noisy.

It’s my café – welcome to Stingray’s! The only thing that really bothers me is that way too many people drop in to use the bathroom without buying anything. Or without even asking nicely. Not anymore! The bathroom door is right across from my counter and I can see who goes in, so I had this buzzer installed. If a client walks up to the bathroom door, I push the little red button and they can go in. Problem solved.

Recently we had different issues with the bathroom. Somebody regularly missed the toilet by a lot – almost like they did the helicopter thing while peeing. Pretty disgusting! And I’m quite sure who it is. The incidents began when this middle-aged guy started showing up maybe once or twice a week. He always sets up his laptop in a quiet corner, gets a huge mug of herbal tea and a triple espresso, and goes to the bathroom when he’s more or less done working. Later, other customers regularly complained about the flooded men’s room, so it was pretty obvious.

Today he’s here again, sitting in his corner, working … already longer than usual. As always, he wears expensive-looking jeans and a business shirt and looks as average and nondescript as ever. I walk up to him, take his empty mug and politely ask if he would like another tea. He nods, not even looking up. I bring him another big mug of tea and wait.

Meanwhile the café is quite busy. I make coffee and tea, occasionally push the red, business as usual. Now a little girl wants to use the toilet. I smile at her and let her in. When she comes out, the guy gets up and walks towards the bathroom. He tries to open the door – it doesn’t open. He tries again, then awkwardly stands in front of the bathroom door, probably thinking it’s simply occupied. Good, he doesn’t even know about the buzzer.

Two minutes pass, then three. He tries the door again – still locked. I try hard to look very busy behind my counter, as if I had not even noticed him. Then I decide I need some coffee beans from the basement, put a little sign on the counter that says “I’ll be right back” and disappear before he can ask me for the bathroom key.

I take my sweet time in the basement. When I get back, the guy sits in his corner, looking rather uncomfortable. He’s squirming a bit and his legs are crossed. He pretends to work on his laptop while he’s actually staring at the door, hoping that finally someone will come out.

An elderly man puts down his newspaper, gets up and slowly shuffles towards the bathroom. I push the button, he goes in. A disbelieving expression appears on the guy’s face. The elderly man takes a while, and when he’s finally done and shuffles back to his table, helicopter guy quickly gets up and walks towards the door. To no avail, the door is locked. He rattles on the doorknob, then turns to me.

“Hey lady, what’s with this door?”, he asks. His voice trembles slightly, although he tries to appear assertive. “Well, nothing? It should be open!” I put on my friendliest customer service face and pretend to push the red button. He barges at the door … still locked. He squirms, and I think of the two large mugs of tea and the triple espresso he had. This shouldn’t take too long now.

“Strange, the buzzer doesn’t seem to work. I’ll try again!” I fake-push the button with a straight face, then make eye contact. “Here you go, please try again!” But of course, nothing. The guy crosses his legs. He tries to stand still, but doesn’t quite manage.

I pretend to look confused, fake-push the button again and again and shake my head. “Strange … this has never happened before. Just a minute, Sir.” He looks at me in disbelief and desperation. “Could you try again, please? As soon as I push the button?”, I ask nicely. Of course I don’t get an answer, but he pretty much attacks the doorknob every time I “try”.

A tiny little wet spot appears on the crotch of his jeans. Hardly visible … but I know. For a second, he looks terrified before he regains his composure. While I keep jabbing at the button (or not) and he keeps ratting at the door, I make polite small talk. “You know, recently we had issues with somebody peeing all over the bathroom floor. No idea who it is, but it seems to be a regular. Pretty disgusting, have you ever noticed anything?” I raise an eyebrow. “What? Ehm … no?” He looks at me with disbelief. Then the realization hits him. Hard.

He turns pale. The wet spot on his pants gets larger, maybe the size of an espresso cup. His expression changes between anger and embarrassment as he keeps attacking the door. By now the spectacle has caught the attention of everybody in the café, and the elderly gentleman helpfully chips in: “Sir, there’s a buzzer for the door, the nice lady can let you in!” The guy grunts and makes a face.

I smile and say loudly: “The friendly lady would love to, but the buzzer seems to be broken. Sorry. I’ll check the cable really quick.” I bend down under the counter and fumble with the cable that leads to the button. When I look up again, the guy is standing right at my counter, white as a wall, slightly hunched over. “Please? I … I won’t do it again, I promise”, he mumbles through clenched teeth.

“Fine”, I say quietly, and loudly add: “Here, I think I fixed it! Just a loose cable. Try again!” I push the button, this time for real, and hear the sound of the door buzzer. The guy speedwalks to the door and slams it behind him. I look closely – he left a little wet trail on the floor. Good.

He takes forever in the bathroom. When he comes out, he weirdly walks through the café, back to his spot. The wet stains on his jeans are very noticeable – to me, and to all the customers who have witnessed the little drama. There’s a wet spot on his crotch and some conspicuous wet traces down his leg, no chance of covering anything up. The little girl stares, giggles and is quickly hushed by her mother. Everybody else pretends not to notice.

The guy puts on his coat. It’s long enough to cover his crotch, but the wet traces down his legs cannot be hidden. He comes up to the counter, throws a 20 Euro note on it without even looking at me, and speedwalks out. I don’t think he will be back. Good riddance.

I check the bathroom. It is impeccable, as expected.

*002*2026-03-15 19:22

{{5 hours ago, TheLoneRanger said:

That's a great piece of writing.

You really brought out the image of your cafe, and with you being the owner in your story it leaves it open to be built on with further chapters if you ever choose to go back to it.

}}

Thank you! Here, have some tea on the house - a big mug, of course! 😉

I don't think there will be much going on at this café in the future. But it's nice to have the option! I had not even thought about this.

*004*2026-03-15 19:42

{{2 minutes ago, Doctor Pivetta said:

This is incredibly well written

If you ever want to write again, whether as a challenge or not, please do

Maybe next time it can be a female protagonist?

}}

Thanks a lot!

But the protagonist is female, she's the owner of the café! So ... where's the problem? 😉🤣

I do like to push buttons after all! (Or not push them, depending on the situation.)

*007*2026-03-15 20:42

{{8 minutes ago, Doctor Pivetta said:

I know, I mean, the one who is desperate (I knew it was gonna be unclear)

But of course I prefer if you write what you want

}}

Haha, I know what you mean. Still had to rub it in! 😉

*009*2026-03-19 06:58

{{3 hours ago, EllieK said:

This story was fun to read! You're a good writer!

}}

Thank you! ☺️

*011*2026-03-21 17:05

{{45 minutes ago, WetNick88 said:

Lovely story, very well written. I promise I’d not be the helicopter guy, but would love to be denied access by you until it was running down my leg…

}}

Ooops, something's wrong with the buzzer again. So sorry to make you wait! 😏

