Peter’s new girlfriend!

Author: MikeB

*000*2026-04-03 21:35

Peter has a new girlfriend. They haven’t known each other for long and they don’t know each other very well, but they had already good sex a few times.

They’re not really lovers.

She’s a girl for good sex for him and he’s a good lover for her.

In order to have lots of fun and sex with each other, they planned to go to a lake for a long weekend.

To make the most of the few days available, Peter picked up his new girlfriend from her home early in the morning.

They stopped for breakfast on the way, none of them went to the bathroom before they drove on.

They had a quick lunch at a highway rest stop. Peter went to the toilet, but the girl didn’t.

Peter was happy about that, because he loved it when girls had their bladder full and when they needed to wee.

Girls desperate to pee is the most arousing what he can imagine.

When they were back in the car, when there was no more a risk to encouraging her to go to the loo, he said “We’ve been on the road for hours.Don’t you need to wee after all that time?”

”Of course i do, but I’m not going,” she replied.

” But i don’t get it, you need to wee, but you’re not doing it. Why?” Peter asked, with already a hard cock in his shorts.

”I like it, it’s a kind of habit of mine and it’s a challenge for me when i get in the car with a full bladder without knowing how long I’ll have to hold it and having to put up with it how bad it ever will get.”She replied.

”Would you have to go urgently?” asked Peter lecherous.

“Urgently yes, but not very urgently, but don’t worry about your seats, i can handle a lot.” She answered.

”You’re really driving me crazy, i love it when girls have to go!” said the guy completely aroused.

Lilly - that was the girl’s name - was thrilled as well that she was able to turn Peter on with her full bladder.

She told him that she’d played this dare game with her college friends at some day trips.

We were 3 girls and we did like to skip opportunities to use a toilet, one time after the other, although we were already needing to wee, sometimes pretty urgently and badly.

At our last excursion said the professor early in the evening to all of us that we should us the last opportunity to use the toilet before we leave, because we wouldn’t stop anymore until we arrive in about 3 hours.

We looked at each other and didn’t know what to do. All tree of us were needing to go already very urgently after holding it all day long, but we 3 silly brats didn’t go, we wanted the challenge and we got it! 3 hours with a very full bladder can last pretty long.

First we loved to suffer and even more we loved to see the others suffer, but at the end of the journey, we almost weed our panties wet.

We couldn’t hide our need anymore, but we were succeeding and didn’t piss ourselves.

To hear this experience and to know that his girl had to pee right now, made Peter visible horny. His horniness was especially visible at his bulging shorts.

Lilly wasn’t a lady, nor she wasn’t dressed like one.

She was wearing a micro-short skirt that barely covered her panties.

When she sat next to him, he could see her sexy legs, which were bare all the way up.

She looked a little slutty, but absolutely sexy, a kind of girl everyone wants to have sex with just by looking at her.

“Show me your belly.” said Peter spontaneously.”

Lilly did as she was told, she lifted her skirt and showed him her little panties and her bare belly.

Peter pressed hard and deep in her lower abdomen, he wanted to know how badly she already needed to go and he wanted test how much more she could endure.

”You naughty, naughty boy, what are you doing to a poor girl who is needing to wee?” Said Lilly, smiled and was somehow enjoyed being tormented and seeing how turned on she could make Peter with her full bladder.

On the way to the hotel had Peter his hand on the girl’s bare upper thigh, sometimes between her thighs and on and off he pressed against her full bladder to torture her.

When they arrived at the hotel, Lilly didn’t go to the bathroom right away. They unpacked their suitcases, had a welcome drink from the minibar and only before they left the room she wanted to the bathroom.

” Oh no, don’t.”said the boy.

”What do you mean?” Asked Lilly.

“ Don’t pee, hold it in.” answered Mike.

“How long?” she wanted to know.

”Can we play your dare game, hold it until the next opportunity and then to the one after that ”replied Peter full of lust.

Lilly didn’t go, she left the room with her full bladder and didn’t know when she would get a chance to wee.

They went for a walk along the lake side promenade. Sometimes she stood with her sexy legs tight crossed, but going to the loo wasn’t an issue.

Several hours had already passed since they arrived. Peter was getting hornier and hornier and Lilly as well, she was getting very aroused by her strong urge to wee and that’s why she is holding her wee back for a boy.

In the evening, they went to dinner. Lilly sat across from Peter with her thighs and knees pressed tightly together. After they ordered she said “I’m about to burst, my bladder’s going to explode if i don’t go right now.”

”Oh no! You will not go anywhere now, you’ll not piss now, you are a big, strong girl you’re going to hold it back until we’re in our hotel room. It would be a shame to waste every drop you pee before.”Said Peter.

Lilly obeyed and stayed and looked yearning at the girls who went to the toilet.

Sometimes he could see the strain on her face as she fought with all her might against the pressure on her bladder, to keep her panties dry.

As soon as they were ready with the dinner, she was begging to leaf and to go back to the hotel as soon as any possible.

On the way, she could no longer hide her distress, everyone who saw her knew that this girl really had to piss and Peter loved to see her like this.

By the time they got to the room, she couldn’t even stand straight anymore, so badly she had to go.

She pressed one hand firmly between her thighs and tried to open the bathroom door with the other, but Peter wouldn’t let her open the door.

He wouldn’t let her into the bathroom and he wouldn’t let her wee. He laid her down on the bed, pulled her panties down and started to fuck her wildly and roughly.

The poor girl had a bladder in her abdomen that was full about to burst, she was needing to piss so unbelievably badly and was getting fucked very, very hard.

Lilly screamed with ecstasy, with agony, and with pleasure at the same time.

Peter couldn’t resist squeezing and pressing her plump bladder over and over again while he fucked her, just to increase her urge and torment her even more.

After they both had a intense orgasm, they agreed that it was their best sex they’d ever had.

