(COD) Nothing is hotter than pretending you didn`t piss your pants

Author: dollerova

*000*2026-04-04 19:04

Something was wrong with Ghost and Soap knew it.

The man was silent, yes, but he was never this silent. Not even responding to him. And despite his tendency to be as still as a statue, he couldn't sit still.

He didn't think it was the turbulence. Soap never minded it before. But there was a lot today, so that could be it. He scooted over a little closer.

"Ghost? Yer okay?" He asked, voice low enough nobody else could hear.

Ghost responded with a grunt but nothing else and Soap sighed. He didn't want to that as an answer and he knocked his knee into Ghost's.

Ghost jerked a little, a hiss escaping his mouth. Soap frowned, now. Did he get hurt and not tell him?

"Yer sure yer okay?" He asked again. Ghost nodded stiffly.

"You didn't get hurt, did ya?" Soap asked, trying to pry some information out of him.

"I'm fine, fuck off Soap." Ghost snapped, voice strained. Soap backed up a little, a small frown on his face.

"Okay, okay." He relented and moved back over to his own seat. He didn't want to let it go but Ghost was awfully prickly today.

He leaned back against the wall of the plane and sighed, knee bouncing. The trip felt like it was taking forever.

He noticed Ghost's leg bouncing too. Which was odd, because again, he was always so still. Soap tried not to think about Ghost's obvious agitation and just focused on counting the time.

He had zoned out until the plane hit another patch of turbulence, the whole thing shaking rather violently. He grabbed the net behind him to keep himself in place.

He assumed everything was fine until he heard a hiss from Ghost and a muttered, "Oh fuck." He looked over to see the man slamming his thighs together.

It suddenly hit Soap. Ghost has to piss.

He focused on him for a second that he almost missed the drip of liquid on the floor.

… Well, he *had* to piss, then.

Soap tried not to gawk as Ghost continued gasping as quietly as he could. He couldn't just sit here, right.

He moved as close as he could without… y'know, getting piss on himself. "Ghost? Yer okay?" He asked.

Stupid question, he knows.

Ghost's head snapped towards Soap. Soap could see the humiliation in his eyes, the way they were wide and he could see the tips of his eyebrows, obviously furrowed.

"Everything okay?" Soap repeated after a moment of silence.

"… Everything is fine, Seargent." Ghost responded, voice strained from embarrassment instead of desperation now.

Soap couldn't help but look him up and down. Yeah, everything was fine.

"Are ya sure?" Soap asked, concern filling his face.

"Say another word and you'll be cleaning toilets with your own toothbrush." Ghost snapped at Soap.

…ironic.

"You look like yer… well, I reckon you've wet yourself, sir." He tried not to say wetting, considering the liquid still dripping. He also tried not think about how long Ghost must have been holding, or how large the man's bladder was.

Ghost's shoulders stiffened impossibly tighter. "No. I didn't. It would do you good to mind your own business." He said, the order to not mention it again obvious in his voice.

"… Alright, sir." Is all Soap could manage as he sat back in his seat. It was a long fly back to base, but it really couldn't have been more than 30 minutes. He imagined how mortifying it had to be for Ghost, not to be able to hold it so close to home.

It seemed nobody had the balls to mention the wet spot under their Lieutenant. His jeans were dark enough to hide the wet spot on his pants, thankfully. Soap felt himself a little sad about that.

He was a little surprised by the fact Ghost dropped off his gun and supplies in the armory and attended the debriefing without changing. He was obviously trying to ignore it or maybe trick everyone into thinking it didn't happen.

… Never thought he really could get hotter, Soap thought.

