A Weekend Spent Well

Author: Rexone_312

*000*2026-03-01 10:26

Hi guys! Long time no see. Yet another commission work and this one's really really on the steamier side. If you are into extreme desperation and too much sex then this one's for you 😉

Enjoy!

___

A Weekend Well Spent

Chapter 1

My phone was vibrating so hard against my desk that I thought it was going to drill a hole right through it. It was my favourite group chat, the "Vacay Bitches”, a title courtesy of my girlfriend, Reya(22). I picked up the phone, unlocking it to see the messages flying in like machine gun fire.

Reya: We are NOT taking the bus, Courtney. I refuse to sit next to sweaty strangers.

Courtney: It’s a luxury charter, Reya. And it has WiFi. I need to upload. Besides, Tara said her heels are too high to drive her convertible.

Tara: MOM! My new Louboutins are just 7 inches but I can drive easily. But the car won’t be enough for four of us and our luggage?

I leaned back in my chair, grinning. I could already picture them. My girlfriend Reya, twenty-two, a brunette stunner with an attitude as sharp as her stilettos. Her cousin Tara, the same age but blonde, bratty, and built like a blow-up sex doll. And then Courtney, Tara’s stepmom, thirty-six, blonde, and surgically enhanced to a point that defied gravity and logic. All three of them were perfectly ripped, with silicon filled bosoms pushed the doors open without them having to lift a hand.

I decided to intervene before they rented a helicopter.

Me: Ladies, ladies. Chill. Let’s just take the train.

Three typing bubbles appeared instantly.

Reya: The train? Rex, really?

Me: Hear me out. It’s faster than driving, plenty of legroom for the heels, and we don’t have to worry about traffic.

I paused for a second, then added the practical kicker.

Me: Plus, it’s got bathrooms on board. If we take a car, we’d have to pull over at gas stations every hundred miles, and I know how much you guys hate dive bars.

I knew what I was doing.

Tara: Bathrooms? Eww. I would rather glue my pussy!

Reya: Babe, you know how much I hate going to the bathroom. How could you even suggest that?

Courtney: Rex. We’ve some standards. We don’t take bathroom breaks like other girls.

I raised an eyebrow at the screen. The game was on.

Me: It’s a four-hour trip. Plus, the commute to the hotel. You’re telling me nature isn’t gonna call?

Tara: LOL right? I can go all day. My bladder is steel. I haven’t peed since I woke up and it’s like 11 PM.

Courtney: It’s cute that you’re worried, Rex. But Girls don’t pee.

I had a raging hard on. They were treating basic biological functions like optional hobbies for the weak. I could only imagine how sexy the trip was going to be. I decided to push it. If they wanted to play high and mighty, we were going to play.

Me: Oh, is that how it is? You think I’m the weak link?

Reya: Rex, don’t embarrass me. Let’s stop with all the bathroom discussion. We won’t judge if you need to go, lol.

Me: Okay. Fine. Since you’re all so confident, and since I’m apparently the one with the "tiny bladder," here’s a proposal.

Courtney: I’m listening…

Me: I’m glad we all think alike. I think bathroom breaks are a waste of time, too. So let’s make this a “No Bathroom Break” trip. From the moment we start on Friday morning until we get to the destination... actually, no. Until it’s physically impossible to contain. No bathrooms. We see who actually has the steel bladder.

I waited. The typing bubbles vanished. Then they reappeared, bouncing for a long time.

Tara: Wait. You want to try to out-hold US? You realize we’re pros, right?

Me: I realize you talk a big game. I prefer to wait it out. I like the focus it gives me. But if you girls are worried about your little skirts getting tight…

Reya: OMG. Okay, that is actually really hot. I didn’t know you had that kind of control, babe.

Courtney: Well, well. Rex has a backbone. I like a man who can endure a little suffering.

Tara: I’m in! You’re going to lose so hard, Rexy. But I love that you want to try. A guy with a full bladder is kinda sexy… especially if he doesn’t complain.

Courtney: It’s settled then. No breaks. We hold it the whole trip.

Reya: I’m actually looking forward to this now. I would love seeing my man try to be strong for us.

I set the phone down, a wicked grin spreading across my face. They had no idea what they’d just agreed to. And honestly, neither did I, but I knew one thing for sure: it was going to be a very, very interesting weekend.

Chapter 2:

At 6:00 AM sharp on Friday, I leaned in front of my toilet with one hand on my wall and the other grabbing my throbbing aching manhood. I was bursting and I loved it. I contemplated whether I should just skip it and go in with my full-load just How Reya would love it. But it would be an unwarranted risk. So I reluctantly let myself take a pee. My body shuddered as I unclenched my muscles after nearly a day and a a half. A thick stream burst out of my thing splashing the water. I had to lean on the wall in front as my knees felt weak. It was orgasmic to say the least. Those two minutes and squeezing every last drop was worth the wait but this was about it. The last sanctioned release before the madness began. I took my time, enjoying the emptiness, before flushing and grabbing my phone to call Reya.

She picked up on the second ring. "Morning, babe," she chirped, though her voice was slightly drowned out by a deafening WHOOSH of water in the background.

"Is that the royal flush?" I asked, grinning.

"My last one," she confirmed, her voice echoing slightly against the bathroom tiles. "Empty tank. The clock starts... now."

"See you at Courtney’s at six," I said.

Twelve hours later, I pulled up to Courtney’s driveway. The sun was just starting to dip, casting a golden glow over her massive suburban fortress. I grabbed my weekender bag and walked to the door, expecting a casual greeting.

I was wrong.

When the door swung open, my jaw practically dropped on the ground. I knew they were high-maintenance from the photos I saw earlier, but I wasn't prepared for the reality. Reya I was used to, brunette, gorgeous, tits-on-stick, but she had clearly upped her game. She was wearing a white micro-dress that looked more like a napkin held together by hope, and nude heels that added six inches to her height.

But standing behind her... Jesus.

Courtney and Tara were like hallucinations. Two blondes, one thirty-six and the other twenty-two, but almost identical in their unnaturally sculpted perfection. Their waists were impossibly snatched like I could grab them with just one hand. It served only to emphasize chest enhancements that defied physics. They looked like anime characters brought to life by a plastic surgeon with a god complex.

Courtney was wearing a neon pink tube top that was struggling to contain her breasts and a denim skirt so short, it was basically a belt. Thankfully she had a matching G-string under. Tara was in a sheer mesh two-piece dress and black thong. And those heels! They all were almost at my eye level.

"Well," Courtney purred, leaning against the doorframe and looking me up and down. "Reya wasn't lying. You really are a whole meat…I’m sorry…meal, aren't you?"

Tara giggled, stepping forward and boldly squeezing my bicep. "Right? Look at those arms. I feel safer already."

Reya smirked, looping her arm through mine possessively. "Back off, vultures. He's mine."

"We're sharing a hotel suite, sweetie," Courtney teased, winking at me. "I don't think we'll be able to keep our hands off him. Especially if he's going to be our big, strong protector for the weekend." She tugged my belt almost brushing her lips with mine.

"Come on in, handsome," Tara said, biting her lip. "You’re going to have a great time with us."

We settled into Courtney's plush, sunken living room, cases of beer stacked on the coffee table with pizza and other snacks. We put on a string of terrible action movies, but I was not really watching. Tara sat on the rug between my legs. Reya was by my side with my hands between her legs and Courtney’s between mine. That lady did know how to stroke me despite my numbingly tight underwear. “You’re huge” she whispered in my ear as I cracked open the first can.

That was the beginning. We cracked can after can, the hiss-snap of the tabs marking the rhythm of the evening.

By 10 PM, the pizzas were gone and the table was piled with empty cans. It was like an untold competition. I was matching Courtney drink for drink as she kept tossing back pints. Reya was holding her own in second place, her competitive streak not letting her back down. Tara was trailing, giggling through her beers, but even she had put away a significant amount. I sat back, watching them. No one had said a word about the bathroom. Not one peep. But as the clock ticked past midnight, I started to see the signs.

The body language was slightly more tense. Reya had stopped sitting with her legs casually draped over the armrest; she was now sitting upright, legs crossed tightly at the knee. Tara had gone quiet, her hands resting subconsciously on her thigh as she leaned back allowing more room to her bladder, occasionally poking her bulge and giggling, as if she loved the feeling.

And Courtney... Courtney was rigid. She sat with the posture of a queen, back straight, knees close together, but every time she laughed, her hand flew to her side, to grab the edge of the couch. By my estimation, we were all sitting at about half-capacity. Solidly pressurized. Comfortable enough to function, but full enough to constantly think about it.

Around 1:00 AM, the adrenaline crash hit. Reya blinked sleepily, her head lolling onto Tara’s shoulder. Within ten minutes, the two of them were out cold on the love seat, their breasts rising and falling in deep sleep, their hands between their legs.

I was finishing my ninth beer when I felt a dip in the sofa cushion next to me.

Courtney slid over. Instead of sitting next to me, she swung her legs over and straddled my lap, her hands resting around me. The movement was fluid, but when she settled her weight onto my thighs, I felt her entire body tense up for a split second, a sharp intake of breath hissing through her teeth before she masked it with a smile.

"You're still awake," she murmured.

"Someone was watching," I said, my hands gripping her waist. Her skin was hot. "You're holding up well for someone who matched me pint for pint."

She laughed and then I felt her body tense up. "I'm a lady Rex. Even though I’m older than you, I have willpower you can't even imagine. But I'm worried about you."

"Oh yeah?"

"Mmhmm." She traced a finger down my chest. "You drank the most. And boys have such... sensitive plumbing. I’d hate for you to tap out before we even leave the house. It would be so embarrassing."

I smirked. "I'm feeling good. Just a little pressure. Keeps me sharp." I looked her dead in the eye. "What about you? When did you go last? Really."

Courtney tossed her hair, "Six AM I guess. Same as you. Tara too."

"So you're carrying around nearly nineteen hours of load plus a case of beer?" I challenged.

"Well, I'm not holding nothing," she purred and leaned in close, "But my bladder is bottomless, darling? I could go another two days."

"Prove it," I whispered as I tried my best to supress my growing hard-on

"Maybe I will," She smirked, "But first, carry me to my room. I want to see if you can handle a real woman with other controls too.”

“What about Reya?” I asked nervously.

“You’re cute!” She bit my ear, “We all exchange our boyfriends. Why do you think we invited you for the trip?”

I could have bust my nut right there, but I somehow clenched and stood up. My bladder gave me a pleasurable ache as I carried her upstairs.

My eyes opened to the morning sun filtering through Courtney’s heavy velvet curtains. Before I could get up my bladder made its presence known with a dull ache and heaviness. It was not an emergency yet but an undeniable fullness. I clenched my jaws and lay perfectly still for a moment, letting my body adjust to the pressure. I turned my head. Courtney was already up. She was sitting on the edge of the bed, her back to me, stark naked. She sat absolutely still with her hands gripping the edge of the mattress.

"Morning, killer," I whispered and slid closer to her over the wet and sticky mattress. I grabbed her from behind intentionally squeezing her bladder. Courtney flinched. Actually flinched. Her entire body gave a small, visible shudder before she slowly, agonizingly turned her head to look at me.

"Hey," she whispered. Her voice was tight, "Did I wake you?"

"Yeah. You okay?" I ran my hand over her bulge, “Is that your…bladder? It’s so hard already...”, squeezing it.

She forced a smile, trying to subtly push my arm down. But I stayed put.

"I'm fantastic," she slowly turned to face me, and that’s when I saw it.

Courtney was incredibly ripped, no body fat to speak of, which meant there was absolutely nowhere for her bladder to hide. Her stomach, usually washboard flat, was distorted by a distinct, hard mound rising sharply from her pelvic bone. It looked like she had swallowed a cantaloupe whole. The skin over her lower abdomen was taut and shiny.

"Like what you see?," she murmured, trying to summon a seductive tone, but it came out strained.

"Hard not to," I said, propping myself up on one elbow. The movement sloshed my bladder, but I kept a steady face. "You look... full."

"I’m fine. Just... stiff. You can’t blame me, I had my legs wrapped around you all night." She crawled toward me but stopped halfway. She shut her eyes for three seconds, breathing shallowly through her nose. She reached out and traced a finger down my chest, "What about you, Rex? You put away a lot of beer last night."

She glanced pointedly toward the en-suite bathroom door, which was slightly ajar. "The bathroom is right there," she whispered, her voice dripping with false concern. "We haven't left yet. I won't tell the girls if you need to... relieve some pressure. I’d hate for you to be in pain."

I knew exactly what she was doing. She was getting desperate, but she wanted me to break first. If I went, the pact was null and void, and she could sprint in there right after me and claim she only went because I did. I smiled, slow and cruel.

"Nah," I said casually, patting my stomach. It made a dull, heavy sound. "I always wait till the last second."

"You're not... uncomfortable?" she persuaded.

"Nope. A deal's a deal." I sat up, swinging my legs off the bed. "What about you, Court? You sure you don't want to tap out? You look like you're about to pop."

She sat up straighter, wincing, "Please," she scoffed, "I am a grown woman, Rex. I have held it way longer than this when I was just ten. I can certainly hold it now.”

"Good," I said, standing up and stretching, enjoying the way her eyes widened as she watched me move freely while she remained trapped in her own tension. "Then let’s shower up and get dressed. We’ve got a train to catch."

“NOOO!” She pushed me back, “The girls will be waiting for you. At least have a quickie with them Rex!”

I gladly agreed and went downstairs.

“Rex! Babe!” Reya sprang on me, “The whole neighbourhood heard her screams last night. That’s not fair!”

“I agree,” Tara added kneeling down, “I’m gonna take what’s mine now!”

Before we knew we were all over each other. I tried to give the ladies what they had been craving for. A quickie turned into a match and by the time I came out leaving the girls in the puddle of their cum, I had a nice hot shower. It was a delicious torture, but I kept my waters contained.

To distract myself, I decided to be the perfect boyfriend and chef. I whipped up a massive brunch: pancakes, bacon, eggs, the works. And to top it off, I made two giant pitchers of ice-cold lemonade. Reya and Tara walked in first. They were fresh out of the shower, hair wet and slicked back, wearing just their sky-high heels. I couldn’t stop ogling at their freshly moisturized boobs jiggling as they moved. Reya looked… stiff. She was walking with small, careful steps but nothing unusual. I have seen her holding all day all the time. She offered me a deep smooch as if to thank me for earlier. Tara followed the suit and settled down. She saw the food and her eyes lit up, but then she saw the lemonade and her face went blank for a second.

“Lemonade?” she asked with a bit of hesitation.

“Freshly squeezed,” I said cheerfully, pouring three tall glasses.

Courtney appeared a moment later, naked but fully dolled up and her heels. “Rex, you’re spoiling us,” she purred, walking over to the table. She sat down gingerly, wincing slightly as her bladder got compressed. She kept her back ramrod straight, doing her best to avoid any unwanted pressure.

“Dig in,” I said, taking my own seat. I watched them.

“Well, we can’t be rude,” Reya said, picking up her glass. She took a sip, then another. “Mmm. It’s perfect.”

Tara grabbed her glass and downed half of it in one go, seemingly forgetting for a second what she was doing to herself.

“So, Courtney,” Reya asked, “How’s my choice this time?”

“Let’s just say…,” she said, looking directly at me. “I could only take half of what he had to offer.” She paused, taking a sip of lemonade. “He’s like a machine. I didn’t think I’d survive the night.”

Tara giggled, but it turned into a grimace halfway through, “I second that Reya! He’s the only guy who could ever make me cum and how!”

“We will keep him then,” Reya smirked. “He has lot more to offer…”

As all the hot discussion continued, they chugged the whole lemonade without even realizing. It was mind boggling to see them continue to drink despite now having used the bathroom for nearly 28 hours now. Only by the end of the brunch, I could see them slightly restless. Tara was bouncing her leg under the table. Reya was gripping the sides of the seat and legs squished tightly. And Courtney was crossing and recrossing her legs again and again.

“So,” I said, raising my own glass. “You girls remember the pact, right?”

“Of course, no bathroom breaks,” Courtney whispered, knocking back the rest of her lemonade. We all cheered and emptied the last of the lemonade.

Chapter 3:

Watching them get dressed was so much fun. I assumed, given the fact that they were all carrying around thirty hours of liquid and semi-hard bulges, they’d wear something forgiving, maybe a loose maxi dress. But I was wrong. Reya walked out first in a maroon bandeau top and a matching high-waisted miniskirt which flattened her bulge. But it was so short that I could practically see everything underneath. Tara strutted in a micro-minidress which could only cover half her butt. She asked me to buckle her up with a belt that clinched her bulge right at the apex. 

“Are you sure?” I asked. 

She eagerly nodded as if she was not holding over a day’s worth of pee. As I cinched it, she hissed through her teeth leaning on me for support. I expected her to ask me to loosen it but she sucked it up. And then came Courtney... God help her, Courtney was wearing white jeans. Skin-tight, non-stretch white jeans. The button and her zip were fighting for their life. She paired with a sheer white top with nothing under.

And underneath? I saw the lines. They were all wearing thongs. I smacked my lips just looking at them. The idea of a thin strip of fabric flossing between their labia while they were holding back a gallon of pee seemed like a bad idead.

The taxi ride to the station was uneventful and we soon boarded the 3 PM train. It had been thirty-three hours. Thirty-three hours since any of us had allowed even a drop of relief. We were playing the long game, pushing our capacities to the absolute limit for the thrill of it. The cabin was compact, the seats stiff and unyielding, offering zero reclining comfort. I took the window seat facing forward, sliding down slightly. I felt strong. Solid. My bladder was definitely full, sloshing with the liters of beer and soda we’d pounded over the last day and a half. But I knew that I could push myself to hold even more and longer. I spread my legs wide, "manspreading" comfortably, clenching my pee hole to contain the pressure.

The girls, however, were starting to feel it. Reya sat next to me, while Tara and Courtney sat opposite us, facing backward. They looked incredible, but they were clearly suffering for it. All three of them were dressed to kill, tiny, skin-tight dresses and micro-skirts that barely contained their bodies. Their massive silicone breasts were pushed high, threatening to spill out with every bump of the train, but it was their lower bodies that drew the eye.

Thirty-three hours of holding had replaced their flat abdomen with swollen domes. Beneath the thin fabric of their clothes, their bladder bulges were aggressively visible, looking like they were hiding melons above their pubic bones. Because of their short hemlines, they couldn't spread out like me. They had to keep their knees locked together for modesty, which ironically compressed their bladder even more.

"Juice anyone?" Tara chirped, holding up a flask she’d snuck on board.

"You know it," Reys said, grabbing the flask. She took a swig and then pursed her lips.

“You sure that’s a good idea?” I poked them.

“Rex, we haven’t gone over the last day and a half now.” Courtney leaned forward, “It’s time you showed that respect.”

The cabin fell silent shortly after. Reya was staring out the window, but she wasn't seeing the scenery. She was in her zone. Her jaw was clenched so tight I could see a muscle jumping violently in her cheek. She shifted subtly but constantly, trying to find a comfortable position, but in that tight skirt, there was nowhere for the pressure to go.

"You doing okay, babe?" I asked, dropping a hand onto her knee. "You're sweating."

She snapped her head toward me, eyes wide and wild. "Of course, Rex! I'm fine."

Across from us, Tara decided she needed a distraction. She adjusted her top, flashing a massive amount of cleavage, and tried to give me a sultry, seductive look.

"So, Rexy," she whispered, her voice trembling slightly as the train jolted over a switch. "Comfortable?"

"Very," I grinned, patting my own bladder, "Plenty of room over here."

"Good." She smirked, eyes glinting with a mix of lust and desperation. "You will need it."

She tried to lift her legs to rest her high heels in my lap in a flirtatious move. But her bladder didn’t like it. As she engaged her core to lift her legs, her bladder spasmed hard. HISSSSSSS. The sound escaped her clenched teeth involuntarily. She froze mid-motion, her eyes shut tight in panic. The pressure spike must have been blinding. She dropped her feet back to the floor with a heavy thud, her heels clattering against the metal grating. She immediately grabbed the edge of the seat, as she fought to regain control, rapidly bobbing her legs.

Courtney, sitting next to her, had tried to shift to give Tara room, but the sudden movement was too much for her bladder, which had mostly settled over the last hour or so. The jolt spiked the pressure in her own distended bladder too sharply. “Control yourself Tara,” she scoffed as she tried to put the blame on her. The smirk vanished from her face instantly, replaced by a clenched jaw. I sat back, watching the three of them pretend to have it under control.

Chapter 4:

Soon we reached our beachside guesthouse and till the time we settled in the girls didn't trust themselves to speak. Throughout the trip, I was an audience to a collective hiss of breath from the back seat whenever we rode over bumps.

When we finally pulled up, it was 6pm. 36 hours since our last pee break and the girls were definitely DEFINITELY getting desperate now.

After settling down, I set up a bonfire in the pit overlooking the city lights on one end and the beach to its adjacence. The chairs were low, which meant sitting with knees close to their silicone chests. Watching them was hot! Reya went first, giving me an unobstructed view of that tight cameltoe under her skirt, as she lowered herself inch by inch. When her butt finally hit the seat, her legs started fanning. She closed her eyes and blew air from her mouth as her bladder was compressed again. Tara opted to slide on the edge of her chair, her back arched excessively to stretch out her torso, trying to give her bladder more vertical room. Courtney, in her white skin-tight jeans, had the hardest time. It was eye watering to see it still buttoned up. She sat with her legs crossed tightly, her foot bobbing in the air at a frantic pace.

But their faces were straight and expressionless, like nothing was wrong. I handed them each a fresh beer. They glared at me as if to say no, but their pride won out.

"You know," I said, leaning back and spreading my legs to establish a psychological dominance. "I gotta hand it to you ladies. We’re pushing, what? Thirty-eight hours? Plus all the drinks and beer? I honestly expected at least one of you would be grabbing yourselves by now.”

"Please," Courtney sneered, "I don’t feel anything."

"Really?" I laughed, pointing at her leg, which was fluttering non-stop.

"I am curious though," I pressed, "How did you three get so... good at holding it?"

Tara straightened up, immediately pretzelling her legs, to stem the bubbling pressure behind her surely tired peehole. "School," she said breathlessly as she chugged her second can down. "The bathrooms at my high school were so disgusting. You could pass out. I think I was five years old, when I last went to the school bathroom and I saw a clogged overflowing WC. I could never unsee it and trained myself to hold it from 7 AM until I got home at 5 PM. Eventually, the urge just... stopped bothering me and I started liking the rush. As I grew older I started to wait longer and longer, going from morning till bed-time."

Reya pursed her lip. "For me it was my first swimsuit" she murmured, eyes closed. "Someone gifted me a little Wonder-Woman costume when I was six or seven I guess. They knew how much I loved her and it was a really cheap one. Had no snaps at the crotch. And I was such a sucker that I would put it under my normal clothes all the time. To pee, I’d have to practically remove everything. It was such a pain that I just decided... why bother? I’d wait until the end of the day when I could take it off for good. As a six year old, it was soooo difficult to control all day and there were times when Mom asked me to just go pee, but I would refuse and push till bedtime. Eventually, I learnt how to survive on just two pees a day and then just one."

Courtney swirled her beer, her expression regal despite the bead of sweat rolling down her cleavage. "Control," she said simply. "I’ve always been focussed on work and that too in a male-dominated field, Rex. From a very young age, I refused to be the girl who excused herself every hour. This helped me as I grew up and I made it a point to be the one who could outlast everyone. The longer the meeting, the stronger I felt. If the men could sit there for four hours, I’d sit for sixteen. I learned to enjoy the distraction and kept refusing to go even when I was alone."

I took a swig of my beer, fascinated. "GOD! You girls got determination, I will give you that. What’s the longest you’ve ever held it? Be honest."

Tara giggled, a sound that ended in a sharp hiccup as she adjusted her position on the low chair. "Music festival. Coachella, actually. Two years ago. I started the day with my only pee of the day and when I was at the venue I tanked up five mimosas because we had VIP passes, and I just kept telling myself I could always wait. But then we got to the main stage, and I was in this impossible strappy bodysuit that took twenty minutes to get out of. Every time my friend asked me to accompany her to the port-a-potties, I would say no. Those were disgusting and I didn’t want to get naked inside. I knew my bladder could take anything. But then we hit the after-party, and I was already so swollen I could barely bend at the waist. I drank more vodka by the evening." 

She paused, subtly sliding her hand between her thighs, wincing. "I passed out without going. Woke up the next morning with a literal rock inside me. I woke my friends up and they asked me where the bathrooms were. I told them that I didn’t know since I held it since previous morning. They were shocked to know but they were too frantic to pee. For me, I decided to wait till I reached the hotel... I think thirty hours? Maybe thirty-two? By the time I finally got back to the hotel, I couldn’t even stand up straight. I looked a solid three months pregnant, just this hard, angry ball under my skin. But I didn’t want to bend to my bladder’s tantrums. I decided that I could go anytime now. So instead, I first removed my clothes, my makeup, had a lunch and finally I went. IT WAS EXPLOSIVE!"

"Amateur," Reya whispered, her voice strained. "Try forty hours. Study abroad trip in Peru. I was wearing my favourite leather pants that were already skin-tight. I was chugging water all morning for the altitude, already holding a day’s worth of pee. We passed two rest stops, but I didn’t allow myself to go like that and I was pretty confident that I could easily hold till we reached the hostel. 

But the bus broke down in the middle of nowhere. No trees, just flat desert and other squirming students. By that time, I was already thirty hours into my hold and I was pretty desperate. It was really a torture to see other girls and guys going behind the bush. Even the teachers noticed I hadn’t used the bathroom all day and persuaded me to go, but I remained steadfast. I sat there for another twelve hours, sweating, feeling my bladder turn into concrete. By the time we got to the hostel it took every ounce of strength to wait till everyone fell asleep. When I finally went... god, I think I peed for three minutes straight. I thought it would never end."

Courtney smirked, shifting her weight gingerly. "Two days straight! My wedding with Tara’s dad. I didn't want to be seen as a weakling by the guests and for two whole days till all the events got over I corked myself up. On the second day, when I put on my wedding dress with a corset back, Tara clinched me wasp thin. It was painful but I endured the whole ceremony while holding more than a day and a half’s worth of pee inside me. Later I drank champagne all night, danced, slept in it, and dealt with it the next day at brunch. It was so much fun."

“That’s why you were sweating so much that day!” Tara giggled again.

“Better than bathroom breaks sweetie!” She cracked open another can as food arrived.

"Jesus," I muttered, looking at their midsections which were highlighted due to the bonfire. "What's the worst thing to drink when you're this full?" I asked, enjoying the way they squirmed at all my questions.

"Beer," Reya hissed raising her can in the air, "The volume. It’s just... so much liquid. And the bubbles just irritate my bladder."

“Then why drink so much?” I asked.

“Because I don’t let my bladder make decisions for me”, she smirked, “What about you Tara?”

"Coffee and water, it just goes through me right away.” She finished another can. “You have no clue how much time I spend on kegels every day”

"Water" Courtney whispered. "You don't realize how easily it gets through me and I make it a point to drink a gallon everyday despite that."

"Last question," I said, standing up and stretching myself. My bladder spasmed angrilly but I steeled myself to look composed. They all watched me move with envy. "If there was a toilet right here, a clean, private, luxury bathroom... and I said the pact didn't matter... would you go?"

Silence stretched over the patio. The only sound was the crackling fire and the heavy, labored breathing of three women full to the brim. Reya looked at the door. Tara bit her lip. Courtney stared at me, with gritted teeth.

"No," Courtney finally whispered, though her voice shook. "I can always hold longer than I think."

"Me neither," Reya managed, this time sitting on her heels. "Like I said, I’m a Wonder Woman fan and can contain my piss.”

"My pussy is a vault," Tara whimpered, tilting her head back and closing her eyes. "Nothing can come out."

As the night deepened, the chatter died down. Tara declared that she was taking me tonight. The other two, though envious, agreed.

Chapter 5:

If last night was hot, today was ten times as much fun. Once Tara had me, she jumped on me. “Fuck my brains out! Now!” She commanded as she rode. She seemed possessed as if she needed me inside her for the whole day. The way she jumped and paused between each cum flood was a treat to watch. She was fighting demons to not piss herself and eject me out. And then after oozing all over me, she went on. She was in a daze of pleasure and agony, like she had decided the only way to distract herself from the screaming pressure in her bladder was to fuck me. Who was I to say no! I manned up and gave her the big O’s one after the other, more intense with each one. My thighs, chest, groin and hers too were under a thick layer of her cum. I was doing everything in my power to not ejaculate, and my dick was sore with all the pounding. By the time it was morning, I was not only holding two days of pee but also a ton of cum.

As it turned 8AM, Tara frantically stopped me from thrusting any more. “WHAT?” I stopped. Instantly, the pressure of cum was replaced with an explosive need to pee, turning my face blue.

“One more…cum…and I would lose it.” She pleaded.

“You really need to pee that bad?”

“I don’t need to pee…But I am not empty either…Please” She pleaded. Her body was drenched in sweat. Her face was contorted under pressure. She was clearly fighting with her life to hold back her cum and flood.

I pulled out and she immediately shoved her hands in her sticky crotch. Her legs were fanning so fast, that the bed shook. “You gonna be ok?”

All she could do was show me a thumbs up.

Leaving Tara in her shuddering, sweaty aftermath, I stepped out into the hallway dabbing her cum with a towel. I could feel my pee hole fluttering as I straightened myself up. Two full days without a single drop of relief was too much even for me and it took every ounce of will power to not squeeze my dick.

I saw Courtney first. She was pacing the length of the living room hunched forward and alternating her legs, trying to do something on her mobile. She was in a bra and a tiny thong that cut right across the apex of her distended bulge, creating a visible muffin-top. She paused mid-stride when she saw me, freezing with one foot crossed over the other, unable to put her weight down fully. Her thighs were bruised red with claw marks as she tried to keep herself corked up.

"Morning," I chirped. "Sleep well?"

"Like a baby," she lied through clenched teeth.

"Sure," I said, eyeing the way her toes curled into the carpet every time she stopped squirming.

In the kitchen, Reya, just in her thong, was attempting to make coffee. She was bent over the counter, one hand gripping the edge of the granite, the other shaking as she tried to pour water into the machine. She couldn't stand on her own and put all the weight on her hand. Below her legs were locked into a pretzel.

"Hey babe," I said, coming up behind her and deliberately wrapping my hands around her bulge, tightly. I felt her entire body seize up under my touch.

"Don't," she gasped, pulling away sharply.

"Woah! That felt like steel in there?"

"Just... full," she tried to play it down.

“The bathroom’s right there?”

“Oh please!” She straightened up just to prove her point.

Tara emerged from the bedroom ten minutes later, still naked but cleaned up. She didn't even say hello to the girls and plopped on the nearest barstool. Her hands were clenched into a fist and eyes shut in fierce concentration. Her legs were bobbing like they had a life of their own.

"So," I announced, "I think we should go for the hiking trail by nine. Then the beach by noon."

"Hiking?" Courtney repeated, "Walking? Uphill?"

"Yeah. Beautiful views. Fresh air. And then a nice jeep ride to the secluded beach." It was returned with silence. "You guys okay?" I asked, feigning concern. "Because if you need to tap out... the bathroom is right there. I don’t like it when you all say that you can hold it but can’t even respond." It was a low blow, and I knew it. But I also knew these women. Their pride was the only thing stronger than their bladders.

The trio glared at me. “It takes a while in the morning Rex, for the lake to settle down.” Courtney countered. “Did any of complain about needing to go?”

Tara wiggled on the barstool, removing her hand from her thighs. "We can respond, Rex. Mere hiking cannot break us." She tried to uncross her legs to make a point, but the moment she lifted her top knee, a visible shudder ran through her entire body. She slammed her legs back together instantly, wrapping one foot behind the other ankle in a vice grip.

Reya gingerly served us breakfast with slow movements. "We made a deal, babe. Just because we're quiet doesn't mean we're weak. It’s just that we're full. Extremely full. Obviously. But we're not using the bathroom."

"Alright then," I said, forcing a smile. My bladder felt like it was being stabbed. We all ate in silence, and the girls made it a point to drain the coffee. When we finally left the girls were sweating and their midsections jutted out like the first trimester.

When we finally started walking, the girls realized how tough it was going to be. The "hike" was at a gentle incline, per se, but to four people holding nearly fifty hours of liquid, it felt like climbing Everest. I took the lead, setting a steady pace, but I could hear them behind me. The sounds were distinct: the scuff of dragging feet, the sharp intakes of breath, the occasional whimper masked as a cough.

"Girls, are you doing okay back there?" I called out after ten minutes.

"Yep," Reya gasped. I glanced back. She was walking with one hand, clutching her sides. Her face was pale, sweat trickling down her temples. She was taking tiny steps.

Tara was worse. She had abandoned all pretense of normal walking. She was hunched forward and knees bent inwards, Every few steps, she would stop, squeeze her eyes shut, and do a little frantic hop-step, her hands diving between her thighs to squeeze herself.

"Behave yourself, Tara,” Courtney steeled. I could see her veins nearly pop out. And jaws clenched. Her bulge was the biggest among the three.

"Gravity's a bitch," I agreed. This was the longest I had ever held my pee. My dick was swollen and it kept throbbing as my bladder tried to push out my pent-up pee with all its might. I had to stop and "tie my shoe" just to crouch down and relieve the pressure for a second. The relief was minimal and standing back up made my head spin.

Courtney hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her shorts, pulling them away from her skin to minimize contact. She walked with a stiff-legged, refusing to bend her knees or hips any more than absolutely necessary. Her eyes were fixed on the ground, scanning for smooth patches to avoid any unnecessary jarring.

"Almost there," she muttered to herself, a mantra, "almost there. Mind over matter."

We reached a clearing about halfway up. I stopped and swung the cooler off my shoulder. "Break time," I announced. "Who's thirsty?"

They didn’t answer or rather they couldn’t. "Come on," I coaxed them, "You guys are behaving like you really need to pee."

I handed the cup to Courtney. She looked at it, then at me, her eyes narrowing. It was a challenge. "Fine," she spat. She took the cup, her hand trembling and started to drink it. Below, she crossed her legs at her knees.

Tara, seeing Courtney drink, felt her competitive streak flare up. She grabbed the cup. "Gimme that." She downed the rest in one go. The effect was immediate. Tara bent over grabbing her thighs and face scrunched up.

Reya, under peer pressure chugged the rest but didn’t say anything. Her shaking body language and the bulge did all the talking.

We finally made it to the peak. The view was breathtaking, ocean, cliffs, endless sky. "Picture time!" I announced, pulling out my phone. They gathered together, but getting them to pose was a challenge. They stood in a loose, awkward cluster. Reya was bent forward at the waist, hands on her knees, smiling grimly at the camera. Tara was standing on one leg, the other hooked behind her calf and both hands in her crotch. Courtney stood in the back, trying to look tall, but her posture was rigid and she was clutching Tara’s shoulder with a death grip, her knuckles white. Even I wasn't immune. I stood next to them, one hand in my pocket adjusting myself discreetly, forcing a grin while my own bladder screamed at the sudden stop in movement.

"Say 'cheese'!"

The photo captured it perfectly: four beautiful people in a stunning location, looking absolutely, devastatingly desperate. Sweat, strained smiles, clenched bodies, and eyes that screamed get me to a bathroom right now.

"Great shot," I lied. "Now... to the beach?"

Soon I drove us all downhill to the beach. We set up camp near the water and the effects were immediate. Reya laid out her towel with painstaking slowness. As soon as her ass hit the ground, she dug her fingers into her thighs. Tara lost her balance and tumbled down, shrieking. Her hands immediately flew to her crotch and legs instantly flexed with toes pointed downwards. Her massive, rock-hard bulge nearly ate her bikini bottoms. Courtney sat upright in a beach chair, with legs tightly intertwined. She was breathing in short, shallow gasps through her nose and rocking back and forth. Sweat dripped from her forehead, her cleavage and every inch of her body.

"My god! You girls are sweating, cola anyone?" I offered, opening the cooler. They shuddered at the mere mention of more liquid.

"Sure!" Courtney muttered, reaching for it with a shaking hand.

"Drink carefully." I suggested, "You look... full."

"Mind you words," she snapped with a strained voice. "I’m under control." She took a long swig, eyes watering as the cold liquid hit her already overworked bladder. She gasped, hand flying to her mouth, and I saw her entire body shake. “Damnnnn!” She cursed under her breath, legs clamping together so hard the chair creaked.

Reya & Tara were more careful and sipped the cola very slowly. Nearly taking an hour to finish just one can. In fact, they held the cola in thei mouth for a few seconds before swallowing with a visible grimace.

An hour later, the sun was beating down on the beach. I offered the girls to apply sunscreen to their bodies and asked them to lay on their stomach. “It won’t be necessary, babe”, Reya pleaded.

“You don’t say no to a guy like him.” Courtney mocked. Reya glared at her and lay on her back insisting me to only apply it on her boobs. I obliged and poured sunscreen generously on her football sized globes. As I massaged them I could see her getting aroused. “Harder” she said. I snuggled closed to her, folding my knee and accidentally resting it on her waist. She yelped in pain, digging her nails in my thighs.

“Babe, are you alright”, I patted right on the apex of her bladder.

“Just don’t….” She turned blue, “Don’t press on it, pleeeeeease!” She managed to utter. I was half expecting to see her spoon sized bikini bottom to turn transparent, but she managed to control herself. As I slid my hands from her breasts to her torso, she writhed in her place. “Rex please….DON’T!” She cluctched my wrist but I kept going at it rubbing and pressing her torso and then the bulge. Unlike her breasts which were firm and barely squeezed, her bladder was actually solid. Imagine a bowling ball. First I poked with a finger and then rested my elbow right on the apex, continuing to drench her with the lotion. It was a sight to see her fight. Her body was sweating rivers.

“Looks like someone’s about to flood her bikini,” Tara mocked, followed by a wince.

“Oh no no!” I turned to her, “Reya can hold it. By the way you are next.”

I wiped my hands on my board shorts, and crawled the couple feet over to Tara. Even that little movement sloshed my oversfilled bladder dangerously inside me like it was about to punch through my abs. God, two full days and counting… I was bursting, properly, but no way was I letting these girls see me squirm first.

Tara was already flat on her back, arms stretched way up over her head in this fake-relaxed pose that only made things worse. That scarlet bikini bottom looked painted on, stretched so tight across her lower belly and her quivering swollen labia. I could see the perfect, trembling outline of her bladder bulging forward like a ripe little melon begging to be popped.

“Alright, gorgeous,” I grinned, “Your turn to get all nice and slippery for me.” I tilted the bottle and let a long, icy rope of lotion pour straight onto that rock-hard swell of her tummy. The instant it hit, she sucked in the loudest, most panicked gasp I’d ever heard from her. Her whole body shook like I’d just touched her clit. Both hands flew down toward her crotch on pure instinct, but she caught herself halfway, fingers trembling in mid-air, nails digging into her own palms instead of grabbing herself like she so obviously needed to.

“Cold...fuck...it’s so cold...” she squeaked, voice climbing higher with every word until it cracked.

I laughed and planted both palms right in the middle of the cold white puddle and started spreading it in slow circles, squeezing hard. The very first stroke made her hips snap up off the towel like she was tazed. “Reeeexxxx….” It came out half-moan, half-sob. “Don’t, don’t rub it like thaaat, ohmygod!”

I pretended I didn’t hear her. My fingers glided lower, where her swollen belly met the bikini elastic. I pulled the elastic and let it snap on her skin. I could almost see her bulge ripple. She sharply inhaled and grabbed my hand but it was too slippery. I continued to prod and push, dangerously close to her clit and then back to her dome. It felt so full it was actually hot, like a water balloon that had been sitting in the sun way too long and was one poke from exploding.

She started panting through clenched teeth. “I’m gonna…I’m gonna…nngh!”

I leaned down closer, letting my chest brush against her heaving globes, my mouth right at her ear, “You are gonna what, Tara?” She couldn’t answer. “Look how strong you are, holding all that hot piss in just for me.” As I continued to tease her, my own bladder throbbed so hard I had to bite the inside of my cheek to keep from exploding. I pressed harder on her bulge just to see if she could take it. She let out this broken, animalic whine and her knees slammed together with a loud slap of skin.

“Rex, please, you’re pressing right on it!” Her voice splintered into a frantic whisper. “It’s right there. I can feel it right there…don’t don’t don’t…” I dragged my fully pressed thumb in one long, torturously slow line from her navel straight down the centre of her bladder up to the elastic of her micro thong, where everything was seconds from giving way. Her whole pelvis tilted up like she was trying to escape me and grind against me at the same time.

Courtney snorted from her towel. “Damn, Tara. You look two strokes away from turning this beach into your own personal pool.”

“Shut….up!” Tara hissed back, but it came out all shaky. I leaned even closer, while I fought not to crack under the unbearable pressure building inside. “You gonna make it, pretty girl? Or should I just… push a little harder and see what happens?” Her only answer was a strangled, keening sound, half plea, half moan, as her body shuddered.

I suddenly felt Courtney tap on my shoulder, her fingers trembling just enough to give her away even though her voice came out all sultry and fake-calm. “Let the poor girl breathe. Do me now. I swear I won’t disappoint you.”

I turned, letting my eyes ogle her slow and shameless. I took all in - right from the way her hair clung to her sweaty neck, down her gigantic tits stretching that tight tiny one-piece, all the way to those long legs twisted into a desperate pretzel on the beach chair. Her jaw was clenched so hard I could see the little muscle jumping under her skin, but she still tilted her chin up like she owned the whole damn beach.

“You read my mind..” I smiled and pulled her onto the towel. The movement nearly cracked my pee hole. My bladder throbbed so viciously I had to bite my lip to keep from rocking forward. It took me a few seconds to regain control.

“Does my man need to pee?” She brushed her hand over my beach shorts. She was met with my forever hard member and still dry fabric. I looked at her with gritted teeth, hissing through, “Well if you want the reward, lie on your stomach. I want to make sure I don’t miss a single spot.”

Courtney didn’t expect it but she recovered fast, flashing me that cocky little smirk. “Fine. Whatever you want, Rex.”

She uncrossed her legs like it physically hurt, hissed through her teeth when her feet hit the sand, then turned herself face-down onto the big beach towel with exaggerated grace. The second her pelvis pressed flat against the ground, though, her whole body locked up. A tiny, choked sound slipped out before she could swallow it. Her ass lifted maybe half an inch like she was trying to hover, then sank back down with a shudder that surged all the way up her spine. I straddled the inside of her thighs pulling them apart. I watched her clutch the towel like her life depended on it.

“You good?” I asked.

“Of course!”, she lied.

I poured a generous stream of sunscreen straight on the dip lower back, right above where her bladder had to be screaming against the pressure of the sand and her own body weight. The cold lotion hit and she sucked in a sharp, whistling breath through her nose. “It’s… fine,” she blurted out, voice strained but still trying to talk to herself. “Hold it bitch.”

I spread my palms over the lotion and dragging them down in long, slow strokes, thumbs digging into the taut skin just above her hips. Every time I pressed, I could feel the volume of her bladder under, as if she was lying on a watermelon. “God, Courtney,” I murmured, “You must be bursting, How are you even holding up, hmm?”

“I’m…perfectly…” She swallowed hard, words clipped. “...in control.” Her hips shuddered under me the exact opposite way...tiny, erratic jerks, like she was trying to grind the pressure away. I slid one hand under her hipbone, cupping the swollen curve from the side. My fingers squeezed the edges of it, mapping every trembling inch while she tried so hard to stay still.

“Really?” I teased, pressing my palm flat against the side of her bulge and giving the hardest squeeze. “Because this pretty little thing feels like it’s about to explode.”

A broken whimper escaped before she could stop it. Her glutes clamped together so tight the muscles stood out in sharp lines, and her toes curled hard into the towel. “Rex...don’t...don’t talk about it like that...”

I ignored her, sliding my other hand down between her legs from behind, fingers brushing the crotch of her suit where the fabric was bunched inside her butt cheeks. I could feel how hot her labia felt. As I pressed my thumb, her whole pelvis trembled. “Look at you, acting so calm,” I whispered, while I rubbed slow, filthy circles right over her clit through the suit...knowing the extra pressure would travel straight up to that bursting bladder. “But your body’s telling me a different story, baby. You’re shaking. You’re leaking little beads of sweat right here…” I dragged a finger along the damp line where her thigh met her crotch. “…and I bet if I just pushed one more time...”

“Don’t...” she gasped, but it cracked into a moan when I did exactly that...pressing my whole palm firm against her back, sandwiching the desperate swell between my hand and the hard sand beneath her. Her back arched violently. A long, keening sound tore out of her throat before she slammed her face into the towel to muffle it. Her hips bucked once...twice...then froze. She had goosebumps all over her body, like she could lose it any second. I leaned all the way down, chest to her back, lips against her neck. “Still in control, gorgeous?” I breathed, rocking my hand just enough to make her feel every millimetre of pressure. “Or should I keep going until you soak this towel for me?” She couldn’t answer...just panted and trembled under me like a live wire.

I finally eased off Courtney's trembling body. As I dabbed off the lotion off my hands, I could feel my pee hole being rammed from inside. It was taking a herculean effort to not arch forward of grab my thing in front of the girls. They were all staring at me now. Reya with her hands on her thighs glued together. Tara panting non-stop, and Courtney trying to roll over, doing her best to not grab her crotch. They knew exactly what I'd done, how I'd tortured their poor, bursting bladders. I could see the accusation in their gazes, all "You evil bastard," but they were way too desperate to call me out. Their entire being was reduced to one point, their burning pee holes to keep their flood locked inside.

"Looks like you all are hungry now. Let me grab us some iced tea and lunch from the shack.” I winked, knowing full well how evil that sounded, and bought some fulfilling sandwiches and iced tea. When I came back, plopping down in the sand with the goods, the girls were squirming openly now, no more pretending. Reya had slid her hand inside her bikini bottom, massaging herself. Her other hand was tightly grabbing the towel. Tara was on her side, one leg scissored over the other, biting her plump lip and absolutely still. And Courtney? She was sitting up now, but even sitting on her heels couldn’t stop her from rocking back and forth. They were quieter too, gone were the sassy mocks and giggles, replaced by these soft, strained breaths and little gasps every time a wave hit the shore.

"Here, drink up, lovelies," I coaxed them to eat and handed out the iced teas to them. Reya whimpered as she had to remove her hand from her thong. Tara popped the tab with shaking fingers, took one tiny sip, and immediately crossed her legs the other way. Courtney tried to play it cool, sipping slow, but her jaw clenched, and soon both hands were shamelessly jammed between her crotch, fingers digging in like she was holding back a flood with sheer force.

By the time we nibbled on lunch, the girls were at the end of their tether.

Reya was outright kneeling now, heels digging into her butt, hands clutching her crotch so tight her knuckles went white, rocking back and forth like nothing else mattered but not soaking her bikini. Tara had flopped onto her belly, ass up, grinding subtly into the towel while her fingers pressed desperately against her pee-hole, little moans escaping every few seconds.

“What time is it?” Courtney asked.

“3PM!” I said, clenching my glutes hard.

“Ffffuuuukk!” She shuddered. Her body seemed to go into a fit and her breathing became erratic. She was on her knees too, thighs squeezed, both hands buried deep in her crotch, shamelessly grabbing it with her eyes squeezed shut, breaths coming in hot, ragged pants. Like, the only thing in her world was that exploding pressure, that desperate need not to pee themselves right there on the beach, it was so hot watching them.

“Its….its been JUST 57 hours girls…” I teased, “Please don’t tell me you all are about to lose it…”

That did it.

Reya’s head whipped up. She was wrecked. She opened her mouth to say something but nothing came out. Her lips trembled as she knelt there with her heels dug cruelly into her ass, both hands still kneading her labia, rocking in frantic little circles. Those heavy tits heaved with every panicked breath. “Shut UP, Rex!” she shrieked, voice cracking into a high, “Just...shut the fuck up and let us concentrate! I can’t...oh god I can’t...!” But screaming at me was the final crack.

Her whole body convulsed like she’d been electrocuted, thighs shaking violently, hands still clamped in a death grip over her crotch as if she could physically hold back the apocalypse. Then it detonated. A loud, high-pressure geyser ripped out of her like a volcano finally giving way.

The soaked bikini bottom offered zero resistance...the flood tore straight through the fabric in five, six violent, hissing jets at once, thick as fingers, spraying outward in wild, powerful arcs wetting the the sand before her. Before she could understand, the main torrent gushed out like a broken dam. It was epic, litres tried to come out at once. Her knees were knocked inwards and her body shuddered with every brutal spasm. Steaming rivers poured down the insides of her thighs. The torrent was so thick they looked almost syrupy, turning the sand beneath her into a bubbling, frothing lake that spread outward in dark. The sound was deafening...loud, wet hissing layered over her shattered, ecstatic sobs. “Oh fuck...oh FUCK it’s too much...still going...still GOING...!”

Her eyes rolled back to pure whites, mouth gaping in a silent scream that melted into long, shuddering moans, tears streaming down her flushed cheeks as wave after punishing wave kept blasting out. Two minutes, three, four...her stream never weakened, only pulsed harder with each violent cramp. Pee kept gushing in thick ropes, her bikini bottom drenched transparent and clinging to her swollen, pulsing lips, every last spurt making her thighs quiver. “It won’t stop… oh god it feels so fucking good…”

She finally collapsed forward into her own puddle. And that sound broke Reya. She was still lying on her back with her pelvis arched obscenely high, fingers clawing into the bikini, grinding her swollen clit in helpless little humps. But her muscles could not hold any longer, “Nooo… not me too… I can hold...oh shit...!”

Her body convulsed violently, legs kicking straight out like she was trying to flee her own bladder. A single, colossal jet..inch thick blasted forward between her spread thighs with ballistic force, pouring into the sand two feet away and digging a deep, frothing trench before exploding outward in every direction. Her bladder unloaded in savage, rhythmic explosions. Each contraction was so powerful her entire lower body lifted off the towel forming a golden arc. She was holding a bucket load, clearly. The arc was thick and nearly transparent. Her bikini was soaked transparent between her legs and pee gurgled down her thighs, her ass and her torso. The sand where the puddle was rapidly expanding turned into sucking quicksand. “It’s...ripping...out...of...me...fuck...fuck...still more...!”

Her face cycled through agony to bliss in heartbeats...teeth gritted white, then jaw slack, eyes squeezed shut then flying open in stunned ecstasy as another monstrous pulse tore through her. Three full minutes of powerful pissing and shrieks getting louder, when her bladder spasmed harder, forcing out reserves she didn’t know she had. When it finally slowed, her bulge had flattened like it was never there. She collapsed on her wet towel, with her lips and ass still twitching, whispering hoarsely, “I… I flooded the beach… never held that much… never…”

Courtney was the last domino, and she fought like a warrior even as the world ended around her. On her knees, thighs clamped so tight the muscles stood out in sharp cords, both hands pressing and grabbing through the black one-piece in a futile attempt to keep holding. Her face was strained red, veins popping out of her forehead, jaw clenched to breaking, eyes squeezed shut and breaths coming in hot, ragged pants. She was fighting with every ounce of her being. But the sight of Reya and Tara breaking, the smell of piss and her own burning need to pee was too much for her beaten sphincters. “I won’t...I won’t...” she whispered through gritted teeth, but a hot, forceful spurt escaped anyway, soaking her fingers instantly. She tried to crawl backward...frantic crab-walk on her knees, hands never leaving her crotch.

Then the mother of all bursts erupted.

Her spine snapped straight as she fell back, spreading her legs. It was as if her bladder controlled her body. Her hands supported her frame, head thrown back in a wordless scream as the crotch of her one-piece blew outward in a violent spray...fabric stretching, then parting slightly as a colossal, high-velocity column of piss rocketed out like a firehose on full throttle. It slammed into the sand with such force it kicked up a misty golden cloud that drifted back over her own trembling body. The stream was almost solid at first...thick, golden, steaming...arcing in a perfect, powerful parabola before adding to the earlier two puddles, frothing and bubbling. Her bladder finally got what it had been screaming for, over the past two and a half days.

“NO...YES...FUCK...IT’S EVERYTHING...!” she wailed, voice breaking into sobs as pee poured in powerful torrents pooling in front of her in a lake so deep it reflected the sky. Reya and Tara watched in awe as the cougar unleashed her flood. I held my breath as I endured the torture by digging my hands in my thighs. Two, three, four minutes passed by but she was not slowing down. Her bulge remained taut like she had compressed her pee somehow for all the time. Only after the fifth minute, the bulge started to deflate, slowly. But her agonizing, stream never weakened. As her bulge deflated her torrent surged harder into a loud hissing. We watched her body convulsing in waves of ecstasy and utter humiliation...eyes rolling back, constant moaning and tears streaming as contraction after contraction kept forcing more out. Finally the last massive jets tapered into long, heavy streams and collapsed her, “I… I burst… so much…MY FUCKING GOD! IT WAS SOOOO GOOD!”

She collapsed onto her side, legs splayed, the ruined one-piece clinging to her.

I sat right there in the middle of it all...three legendary, releases turning our little beach camp into a pool of steaming piss. My bladder was spasming and contracting like it had a mind of its own, like it was jealous, begging, demanding to join them. My pee hole burned and balls ached as I held my flood. I was blue with strain and then the girls set their eyes on me.

They pounced on me, whispering in unison, “DON’T YOU DARE!” Before I could react my shorts were yanked off by three hungry babes in the middle of the beach. I had to man up for them but I wondered how long could I last before I exploded too…

- - - The End - - -

*002*2026-03-01 11:54

{{6 minutes ago, Normie Fella said:

Absolute PEAK Cinema for me ngl 🙌🏻

}}

WOAH! I got so excited to read this. Thank you so muucchhhh!

*004*2026-03-02 01:42

{{12 hours ago, noye said:

Sooo exciting!!! Thanks a lot!

I can confess that the excitement was such that I'm really bursting to pee while reading, but I didn't want to interrupt!

}}

Mission Successful! 😍😍

*006*2026-03-07 07:37

{{2 hours ago, FullBladder85 said:

It took me a while to get through this since it's so long, but I definitely enjoyed it. Thanks for writing and posting this. 🙂

}}

Yes it got wayyy longer than I expected. But I couldn't stop fantasizing about the scenario. Glad you liked it 🙂

*008*2026-03-07 17:45

{{31 minutes ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

I know this is the wrong place to comment , but for some reason I can't look at the story or pictures you uploaded about Lusty But I read the whole story, and I was so hot, watching her struggle and The faces she made to hold it in.

}}

Yes it was taken down by the moderators. DM me bud, I will send you the story

*010*2026-03-07 18:39

{{24 minutes ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

Oh no I still have the story downloaded on my phone

}}

You are awesome! Do let me know what you think of it or if you would like to commission one 😉

*013*2026-03-18 02:05

{{6 hours ago, Frooger said:

Absolutely amazing Rex as always🤩 Thank you so much for writing this and sharing it with us

}}

Thank you so much for the appreciation, @Frooger


{{3 hours ago, SpaceWonderer said:

This story is amazing, I already read it twice!

}}

Woah! This means a lot to me as a writer 😁😁. Thank you @SpaceWonderer

