The Yuri Nation`s Urination

Author: burstingmerman

*000*2026-03-13 23:08

Hey y'all! So, a little less than a year ago, I decided that for a month, I'd write one omo story per day, each starring a femslash ship from one of my fandoms. I didn't manage to get all of them done, but I did write quite a lot of them, and I figured it'd be a good start to my time on the site to start crossposting these from Ao3. So, I hope you guys enjoy!

(P.S: my username on Ao3 is urineitnowfrinos, if you're curious or want to read some of these ahead of time! comments and kudos are much appreciated)

___

1. Strife's Golden Nectar

As Melinoe headed out of her room and into the Crossroads proper, giving Moros her usual greeting and stretching her arms that still ached from her fight with Chronos not long ago, she noticed the tell-tale sign that Eris was around. Quite literally, in fact, as she’d installed a sign with Eris’ face on it that only popped up when the embodiment of strife was resting nearby, something which seemed a bit silly now that she thought about it in retrospect, but sounded like a good idea at the time. After all, Eris was rather unpredictable. Still, it was often worth going to visit her, if only to make sure any trash she left around and the ground was picked up.

…And, Melinoe supposed, talking with her was sometimes kind of fun. Emphasis on the sometimes, of course, Eris often spoke nothing but nonsense and rejected most of Melinoe’s attempts at offering friendship or parley, even though she was always nothing but genuine. It was honestly disheartening, how much Eris seemed to hate the idea of ever being her ally. But still, sometimes, despite everything, it felt like there was a sort of magic to their conversations, a spark in the air as they exchanged witty retorts in a back and forth that felt like a verbal equivalent to their heated battles on the shore of Olympus and at the end of it all somehow left her feeling like the chat hadn’t been so bad after all. Was it simply the fun of the challenge, outwitting a goddess who thought like no-one else in the world? Or was she actually starting to think like Eris herself a little?

Melinoe shuddered. She certainly hoped that wasn’t the case. If she started to think like strife herself, everything was bound to descend into chaos. Best to simply shove those thoughts back down into some dim corner of her brain, where they’d be forgotten as they ought to. She wanted to make peace with Eris, not become her, and as tempting as it was to try and understand her worldview, any attempts usually just resulted in a massive headache, and gods only knew what would happen if she succeeded. And yet…that strange spark remained, lingering in the air even when no conversation had been struck and making her whole body tingle in a way not even an Olympian Boon could. It seemed to call to her, so much so that she almost missed Eris when she wasn’t around. It was bizarre, but undeniable, and it was that spark that led her once more down the path to meet strife, crossing her fingers behind her back as she did so.

However, something was a little different this time around. As Melinoe followed the typical trail of unnaturally durable wrappers Eris left for her, carefully picking each up off the ground and stowing them in her pocket, she heard a strange sound. It sounded almost like…rustling fabric? But that couldn’t be possible, there weren’t any curtains around that could make such a noise, or anything else of the like. Melinoe shook her head, continuing down the path as she dismissed the sound as just her imagination. But not only did the sound continue, as Melinoe rounded the corner, she was greeted by a sight that took all of her restraint not to make her audibly gasp.

Eris was standing in the corner by some trees, wrestling with the lower portion of her outfit. As Melinoe watched, with some effort, Eris managed to yank her large, overcomplicated belt up with one hand and her skirt up with the other, revealing her delicate lower half for all to see. Melinoe got a clear view of her rear end, ass smooth and slightly tanned like the rest of her skin, her two cheeks a modest size. Below that was her womanhood, her pussy lips hanging free. Melinoe had seen this part of Eris before, back when the two had bathed together at the Crossroads’ hot springs, but that didn’t stop her from being shocked at witnessing this now. Why was Eris doing this? Melinoe wasn’t someone who blushed at being shown skin or someone’s privates, but the Crossroads still had rules! Was Eris simply breaking them out of spite? She supposed that would make sense for her, but why turn her back then? Why not walk out and show off, and why only the bottom? Why not completely nude?

She soon got her answer, though it wasn’t what she’d been expecting. Eris squatted down, still keeping her skirt and belt high…and released a torrent of golden yellow piss from her loins, the liquid splashing against the ground below her with an unexpectedly loud pssssshhhh! Eris exhaled, letting out a little sigh and closing her eyes before beginning to hum a pleasant tune to herself. Melinoe simply stood there, staring, gobsmacked for a moment. Then, she decided something. Okay, that’s it, I have to speak up.

“Eris, what are you doing?”

Eris tilted her head to look towards Melinoe, giving her an annoyed look. She continued to urinate, her stream still going strong.

“Uhhh, taking a piss? What does it look like I’m doing, babe?”

Melinoe tried to form words in response, but they came out as pure spluttering. Eris giggled, and Melinoe felt her cheeks burn. Gods…

“But- the Crossroads has a restroom where you can relieve yourself!” She finally managed to spit out. “Multiple, in fact. Why would you simply…” She gestured at Eris. “Do what you’re doing and pop a squat right here?”

Eris scoffed.

“You seriously expect me to walk all that way just to pee?”

“It takes barely a minute to walk there from here, and you could probably do it even faster than me. I wouldn’t consider that worth using the words ‘all that way’ to describe.” Melinoe rebutted.

“You gotta go when you gotta go, babe!”

Melinoe tilted her head, a possible explanation to this insanity suddenly entering her mind.

“Was it an emergency? Were you about to lose control and urinate all over yourself?”

Eris blinked at her.

“What? No, I had to go pretty bad, but I wasn’t about to piss myself.” She huffed. “Still feels pretty damn good to let it all out though…”

She tilted back her head and sighed again. Her stream was beginning to grow thin, and only a few seconds later, it trailed off into nothing. She managed to push out a few little extra spurts before concluding she was well and truly empty, subsequently shaking her rear and privates back and forth to dislodge some drops clinging to her pussy lips before exhaling one last time and grinning at Melinoe.

“Whew! That did feel good.” She paused for a moment, before her face took on a much more suggestive look. “Say…you’ve been staring at me down under for quite a bit now. Enjoying the view, babe?”

Melinoe almost staggered backward, suddenly blushing quite a bit.

“Eris, that’s not true, I wasn’t-”

Though, now that she thought about it, the view certainly hadn’t been unenjoyable. Eris had a rather shapely rear end, and though her vagina may have had urine spewing from it, it was still-

She was not going down this train of thought, not here and not right now. Hopefully not ever, for while she may have still held the hope of one day befriending Eris in her heart, she would never want to have sex with her, or, gods forbid, pursue a relationship with her. She was chaos, she was strife, she constantly tried to riddle Melinoe full of bullet holes! There would be no future with the two of them together until she actually tried to act like a decent person, and she showed no signs of doing that anytime soon, much to Melinoe’s dismay.

And yet still, that spark in the air remained, and this interaction, strange as it was, only seemed to have made it grow stronger…

“-I was simply looking at you out of necessity, not out of any…attraction.” She muttered, sounding somewhat ashamed despite herself.

“Wow, you’re a terrible liar, babe.” Eris giggled, still stubbornly refusing to pull her skirt back down, though she’d now gotten back to her feet. “You know I’d be up for a quickie pretty much whenever, right?”

Melinoe stared at her.

“What? What are you talking about? I don’t understand what that word’s supposed to mean here. Are you just speaking gibberish again?”

Eris sighed with exasperation, reluctantly letting her skirt drift back down into its normal position and tying her belt again.

“Ugh, you know what, just forget it. Point is, you’re the one who’s making things difficult here, babe, not me. Go run off and kill Time again, or whatever it is you wanna do tonight.”

“Well, I think I will.” Melinoe said, turning and beginning to head back to the rest of the Crossroads. However, before she could leave, something occurred to her that made her tilt her head back in Eris’ direction. “I don’t suppose you’re going to clean up that puddle, are you?”

Eris glanced down at the not insignificant pool of urine by her feet.

“What, this? Nah. You’re the one who’s big on ‘order’ and ‘cleaning’ and stuff, babe. Why don’t you do it?”

“I’ll get to it later. You’ve already wasted enough of my time, Eris.” Melinoe sighed, rubbing her forehead. “Just…please try to actually use the restrooms next time you need to go, alright?”

Eris grinned and winked at her.

“No promises!”

Much later, feeling exhausted from another attempt at usurping Chronos from his throne, Melinoe laid down on the covers of her somewhat poor quality bed, resting her head against the satin pillows. Though she really should have had many other things on her mind, all she could think of was the image of Eris, ass out and pussy pissing with wild abandon, a satisfied look on her face. The verbal barbs they’d traded both that night and many nights before then rang in her head, sticking around persistently even as she tried to replace them with something else. Somehow, even many hours later, the air still crackled with that spark just as strongly.

I shouldn’t be indulging this, she thought to herself. Not until Eris is at least a friend, and certainly not a chaotic force of destruction. But, though she loathed it and tried to reject it, a part of her whispered to her that, even if only partially, it was that very destruction that was ever so alluring. She exhaled with frustration.

Dora appeared next to her in a burst of green smoke, her face not her occasional ghastly facade but instead one of soft concern.

“You alright, Mel? You sound…I dunno, a bit down in the dumps.”

“It’s nothing, Dora.” Melinoe said, staring up at the roof of the tent above her. “You don’t need to worry about it. It’s simply nothing at all.”

Nothing. At. All.

*001*2026-03-20 14:05

Now that the first story's been approved, here's the second one I wrote. This one's a Guilty Gear piece. Enjoy~!

___

2. The Lake Inside Me

It was storming outside, thunder rumbling and rain pouring down, but Bridget was safe inside the metal frame of a car, her hand held tightly by her girlfriend May. She was warm and dry at the moment, having gotten in the vehicle well before the storm started, her date with May at a popular picnicking spot having concluded before any rain drops could fall. Everything should have been fine as fine could be, and indeed, Bridget could still felt incredibly warm and happy to be by May’s side, residual serotonin still following through her.

And yet, the storm still bothered her, the sounds of it still coming from outside unable to leave her head. It wasn’t that it scared her, far from it, simple weather didn’t pose that much threat to even a normal person, much less a seasoned bounty hunter. No, the source of the problem was something far more embarrassing and mundane. The truth was, Bridget really needed to pee, and the sound of the rain pouring down outside was not helping her fight that urge.

The aforementioned picnic was probably the source of a lot of her current troubles, as loathe as she was to admit it. It had been a hot day, and she hadn’t exactly been careful of her liquid intake, gladly chugging down several whole bottles of lemonade to keep herself cool in the sweltering heat. She remembered May had made a joke on the subject.

“Slow down!” She’d giggled, the warm laugh and genuine smile making Bridget’s heart leap and do somersaults. “You’re gonna be running for the bathroom later if you keep this up!”

“But…it’s so hooottt…” Bridget had groaned, wiping a bead of sweat and lying down on the picnic blanket from exhaustion before taking another chug from her bottle.

“You’ve clearly never been to Africa,” May had snorted. “This is practically a chill spring breeze in comparison.” Still, she scooted closer to Bridget, her smile making little wrinkles on her face and her eyes seeming to sparkle with life and passion.

Oh, how Bridget wished she’d listened to her back then…

The public restrooms had been only a short walk away, and Bridget had mostly managed to get over her anxieties about using them (thanks mostly to May, naturally), but by the time she’d started to feel that familiar tingling in her lower regions, the clouds above were starting to grow ominously dark. May was strongly suggesting that they leave, and the urge was pretty weak and easily ignorable, so she’d decided not to waste time and just head for the car. I can hold it until we get back home, she’d thought. I barely need to go. Then, once we’ve arrived, I can just take a quick second to pee, and we’ll be hunky-dory!

Unfortunately, what she’d failed to account for was just how much liquid the lemonade she’d been guzzling earlier had added up to. That tingling in her groin hadn’t been the start of an urge that would build at a normal rate, oh no no. It had been a warning sign, like frothing waves before a sea storm (how fitting), the first little bit of urine trickling into her bladder to tell her to prepare for the real flood. It had come on suddenly, and hadn’t started until the two were both already on the road and the rain had begun pouring down. It wasn’t all at once, but the growth of the urge was certainly quick.

Huh, I gotta go worse than I thought, s he’d thought to herself as the urge grew more persistent, more difficult to ignore, the pangs from her bladder more frequent and longer lasting. I can probably still hold it though. She’d turned to conversation with May to distract herself from it, and that had worked…for about five or ten minutes, until things got significantly worse. The urge had gone from difficult to ignore to borderline impossible, the pressure constant across her entire penis but especially strong towards the tip.

It felt like the entire thing was full of pressurized piss, bubbling and ready to shoot out at any moment like a carbonated wine bottle still tightly corked. She refused to let that cork be removed, not until she was sitting down on a toilet, but as the pressure continued to build and intensify, the unrepentantly watery noises of the rain kept bombarding her ears, and her faith in her own seal began to waver, one thought in particular rang out through her mind. Oh fuck, I gotta go BAD.

She crossed her legs tightly, hoping that would help abate the urge. It did seem to let up slightly, causing her to let out a small breath…but most of it still remained, a constant discomfort she couldn’t remove. Well, okay, there might be one way…

Her hands desperately itched to reach down and grab herself, her penis practically begging to be given a nice squeeze to relieve the pressure. But there was no way May wouldn’t notice, not when she was right next to her, and she’d surely see it as Bridget trying to give herself a different type of relief. And it wasn’t like she didn’t like May in that way, that girl could be damn hot when she wanted to be, but that wasn’t what she was feeling right now, even if holding her hand made her heart race, and they hadn’t even had sex yet, and she didn’t want to give her the wrong idea, but oh god, she wanted to grab herself so bad-

“Hey, are you alright?”

Speaking of May, it seemed Bridget’s discomfort hadn’t been lost on her. She gave her girlfriend a concerned look, squeezing her hand tighter. Bridget paled.

“U-uhh, why do you ask?”

May narrowed her eyes.

“You seem, like… really uncomfortable. You’ve been squirming around a lot, and…I think I might have seen you sweating?”

Another drop of sweat rolled down Bridget’s forehead.

“See, that was definitely sweat! Something’s wrong.” May’s frown was deep now, almost a scowl, but one fueled purely by worry rather than anger or disdain. She spoke in a soft, quiet tone. “Brisket, what’s going on?”

Bridget gulped. On the one hand, she knew she really should just come clean. She hated the idea of lying to her girlfriend, and May would probably find a place for her to pee quite quickly. And oh god, she needed to pee, she hadn’t been this desperate since she was a small child. But on the other hand, the idea of confessing to her need caused a strong sense of shame to build in her chest. She knew it was irrational, she knew she should really just speak up. But she was a goddamn bounty hunter, for Christ’s sake! And not even just a normal one, but one who was world-renowned! She’d sparred with some of the strongest people in the entire world, including the king of Illyria himself! There was something utterly embarrassing about having done all of that, and then admitting she was having trouble doing something as simple as holding her pee. And the last thing she wanted to do was embarrass herself in front of May.

But what was worse, May wasn’t even the only one with her in the car. The vehicle actually belonged to May’s best friend and sister figure April, who’d offered to give them a ride to their date location and was now the one in front driving them home. She’d done a good job keeping quiet and letting the two have one-on-one conversations, but that didn’t mean she wouldn’t also hear if Bridget confessed to her need, and that added a whole other level of humiliation to this situation. Bridget looked out the window, cringing at the pouring rain reminding her of what she so desperately wanted to do right now, and spotted a familiar street sign. They were only a few miles from home, she just had to hold it a little longer. She took a deep breath.

“I-I’m fine, really. I-it’s just nerves.” She said, though not very convincingly.

“Nerves?” May asked, blinking with confusion. “Why are you nervous?” She paused, then immediately corrected herself. “I mean, not that it’s bad to be nervous, you’re allowed to feel how you feel, it’s just- I mean-” She spluttered for a moment, before finally concluding with: “What’s bothering you, Brisket?”

“I’d…prefer not to talk about it…” Bridget muttered, looking away. “At least, not until we get home.”

“We can stop for a minute, if you need to take a breather.” April suggested from the front seat, finally speaking up. Bridget’s nerves went into overdrive, both her brain and bladder sending panic signals at the idea of any delays in getting home to a toilet, her poor waterlogged penis throbbing with desperate impatience.

“NO!” She screamed, causing both May and April to jolt, almost jumping out of their seats. Immediately, Bridget cringed and shrank at her mistake. “Sorry, I just mean- I don’t want us to stop, okay? Let’s just get home as fast as possible, alright?”

Both May and April looked skeptical, but they reluctantly nodded.

“Okay…” May muttered, though she didn’t seem at all reassured. “Just…tell me if it gets worse, Brisket. Okay?”

Bridget nodded back at her, taking another deep breath and clenching her muscles. She just had to hold it a little bit longer…

As it turned out, “a little bit longer” was far longer than it should have been. The car had gotten stuck in traffic, and what should have been at most fifteen minutes had turned into more than double that with no sign of the couple reaching their destination any time soon. To add insult to injury, the rain outside hadn’t lessened up even slightly, and its effect on Bridget’s bladder was worse now than ever. 

Both her penis and now her abdomen actually ached with pressure, so much so that she had to bite her lip and try as hard as she could not to whimper. Every few minutes or so, she could feel urine actually trying to escape from her, forcing itself up through her penis and almost reaching her tip before she managed, with great effort, to force it back down again. Her nerves were on fire, her dick overwhelmed and overstimulated with sensations that almost made her want to cry. Even her brain felt flooded, because no matter how hard she tried, all she could think of was just an endless stream of variants of the same basic thoughts.

Gottapee...

Her forehead was streaming with sweat, and the constant sound of the rain pouring down outside, splashing and crashing against the pavement, made it impossible to imagine anything but a stream of piss. Her own stream of piss, spraying out of her like a fire hose, not even landing in a toilet but instead splattering against the side of whatever she could find. A tree, the wall of an alley, hell, she’d take a fucking telephone pole, or even use a fire hydrant like a dog! She didn’t care at this point, just as long as she got to pee. It would feel soooo good to let it out, she imagined, just feeling all that piss that had been stuck inside of her for so long draining out like-

“ACK!”

A massive wave of desperation hit her, urine racing for dear life to break past her dam, and she knew that this time she wasn’t going to be able to hold it back with just muscles alone. Acting on instinct, not even thinking about the girl who was still sitting next to her, she wrenched her hand out of May’s and thrust both her hands into her crotch, grabbing and clenching her penis as hard as she could muster. A few alarmingly strong spurts managed to escape into her panties, but she managed to prevent any more from leaking out. 

And thank god too, if she hadn’t grabbed herself like that, she might have very well had an accident. Unfortunately for her, the wave of desperation didn’t seem to subside, the only moments it seemed to let up followed by it coming back even stronger seconds later. She couldn’t stop herself from letting out little gasps and whimpers, her whole body was shaking like a leaf, and she kept a rapid staccato rhythm of squeeze, squeeze, squeeze on her cock with both hands. It was mortifying, but embarrassment was pushed aside in her brain by thoughts that took a much greater priority, namely ohgodi’mabouttofuckingpissmyselfohgod-

“BRIDGET!” May’s head practically snapped as she turned around to look at her girlfriend, an expression of pure horror on her face. “Bridget, tell me what’s wrong right now.” Her voice was deadly serious. She wasn’t going to tolerate Bridget beating around the bush any longer, she needed to know what was wrong and help her immediately.

Fortunately for her, Bridget didn’t have the mental strength left to lie.

“Need…pee…now…” She groaned, tears beginning to form at the corner of her eyes and slowly starting to flow downwards towards her cheeks.

Instantly, May’s head snapped to look at April.

“Pull over.” She commanded.

“May, I’d love to, but we’re in traffic-”

“I DON’T CARE! ” May snapped, giving April a glare that would make even a Megadeath-class Gear wither. “My girlfriend is having an emergency right now! Pull. The fuck. OVER.”

There were no words in the world April could possibly have used to dispute that. She began the process of trying desperately to find a way to scrape out a spot by the road, which consisted mainly of pushing against the other cars and honking her horn as loudly as she could, May putting a hand around her girlfriend’s shoulder and whispering comforting words to her all the while.

“Hey, hey, hey.” She said softly, her face the exact opposite of the glare it had been moments earlier as she looked Bridget in the eyes. It was a kind and gentle face, but also one wracked with deep concern. “It’s gonna be okay, alright? You’re going to make it.”

Bridget whimpered, another spurt leaking out of her and staining her panties, the poor girl only managing to regain control for a few precious seconds before another spurt took its place, then another a few seconds after she halted that one, each taking longer to stop than the last. There was beginning to be a visible dark spot on her clothes now.

“Can’t…hold it…any longer…”

“No!” May snapped. “Bridget, you’re the strongest person I know. You can do this. You can and you will hold it.”

Bridget began to gasp and hyperventilate, her breaths coming quicker and quicker. Her legs were crossed tight as a vice and her feet hammered out a frantic barrage of thumps against the floor. Her hands still kept an iron grip on her penis, the rhythm of her squeezes only growing faster, but the leaks just kept coming, and somehow her bladder never felt any less full. God, she was so, so, SO full. She could feel it pushing against the fabric of her dress, an ocean of golden liquid still somehow kept inside her…but it wasn’t going to stay there for very long. It was all going to come out soon, no matter how hard she struggled.

“Can’t…hold it…” With every word, she fought back more leaks. “Gonna…come…out…”

“May!” April yelped. “I’m trying my damn best, but the cars aren’t moving!”

May paused. She was running out of time, and she knew it. As much as she tried to reassure her, there was no way Bridget was going to make it…under normal circumstances, anyway.

But May was not a normal girl.

“Do you trust me?” May asked her girlfriend beside her. Despite it all, Bridget somehow managed the faintest hint of a smile.

“Of…course…”

“Then hold on tight!”

Moving in a blur, May unbuckled both Bridget’s seatbelt and her own, unlocked the door nearest to her and shoved it open, and grabbed Bridget around her waist with both arms. Then, she tensed her legs, and literally leaped out the door with such force that it made the entire car rattle.

Bridget gasped in her arms as the two went soaring over the crowd of cars, getting an incredible view of the city from above. It stretched out all over the hills and across a series of beautiful canals, like a great patchwork quilt of comfortably old-fashioned civilization. Carefully angling the trajectory of her jump, May landed in a nearby alleyway as gracefully as she could manage, and set Bridget down on the ground next to her.

“Okay, we’re out of there, now PISS!”

Bridget sure as hell didn’t need to be told twice. She barely had time to pull her dress up and her (now irrevocably soaked) panties down before her stream came gushing out of her cock, wild and uncontrolled. It was quite wide and powerful, spraying out a good distance and hitting the ground with a loud PSSSSSSSSHHHHH that drowned out the sound of the still pouring rain. Though it took her a few seconds, she managed to tilt her dick enough with one hand that it was spraying the nearby wall rather than just the pavement beneath her. She stood there for a few seconds, pissing a torrent, letting out short, breathy pants. Then, all of a sudden, she paused for a moment, all sound stopping except that of her relentless stream. Her eyes widened. Then, she tilted her head back, closed her eyelids, and let out a loud moan.

“ Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh~”

The relief had finally begun to hit her, a wave of dopamine washing over as she finally, finally emptied herself. The sheer feeling of satisfaction was rivaled by few things she’d ever experienced before. The only thing that could come close was perhaps an orgasm- though it was hard to make a serious comparison when her brain was simply flooded with nothing but good feelings as more and more piss just continued to spray out of her.

“ Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuucccccccccckkkkk~”

May couldn’t help but blush as she witnessed this. She’d turned away only a few seconds after Bridget had started urinating (though she’d still managed to get a brief glimpse of her cock, an image which only made her blush harder), but no matter how she plugged her ears, it was impossible to block out the noises her girlfriend was making right now. She felt embarrassingly warm, despite the cold rain pouring down on her and drenching her skin and outfit. It felt good to know that her girlfriend was finally relieved, but she was so loud about it, and those noises…well, they were a little more reminiscent of something more explicit and intimate than she’d been expecting.

It took a minute or two for Bridget’s stream to die down completely, but eventually it came to a stop. She sighed one last sigh of relief as she tucked her penis back into her panties…then groaned as she looked out at the pale yellow mess she’d made all over the alley.

“Ugh, I completely ruined this place…”

“Relax, the rain’ll wash it away in no time.” May said, trying to sound confident despite her cheeks still being tinged with red. “Besides, where else where you gonna go?”

“I…guess you’ve got a point.” Bridget huffed, then managed a smile. “ Wow, does it feel good to be empty again!”

May grinned back at her.

“Well, I’m glad you had a good time, if nothing else.”

Now it was Bridget’s turn to blush.

“H-hey, don’t say it like that!”

May groaned, rubbing her forehead.

“Ugh, I didn’t mean anything by it! Let’s just, I dunno, try to get back to April. We ought to apologize for thrusting this whole mess on her.” Then, something occurred to her, and she looked at her partner with genuine anxiety. “Hey, next time you really need to go…just tell me, alright? I don’t want you to have to suffer like that again.”

Bridget nodded.

“Sorry…”

“Hey, don’t worry about it.” May said, quickly regaining her smile. “Come on, let’s go find April. Look on the bright side. Maybe after this, we can go get some delicious pancakes or something!”

*003*2026-03-27 19:21

{{10 hours ago, Impressa said:

Oh damn that Bridget story was *amazing*, great work.

}}

Thanks, that really means a lot to me! I'd appreciate an upvote though if you liked it- I think they're more valuable than comments at my current rank

*006*2026-03-28 20:54

{{11 hours ago, WetWinter said:

BRIDGET PISSING 🗣️🗣️🗣️

}}

Hehehe, I'm glad to see you love her just as much as I do- I think we can both agree this beautiful trans girl definitely needs more omo content to her name!

