Ellie’s Accident (The Last of Us Part Two)

Author: MonopolyMan

*000*2026-03-13 10:24

Ellie shifted her weight behind Dina, subtle enough that she hoped it read as restlessness rather than anything else. It had been almost nine hours since they left Jackson. Suburban roads had given way to long stretches of broken country highway, the kind of road that had been bad even before the world ended. Cracked asphalt heaved up by frost, potholes deep enough to swallow a tire whole. Shimmer picked her way through it dutifully, and every jostle sent a fresh reminder through Ellie’s body that she’d drained her water bottle somewhere around mile thirty and hadn’t thought much of it until now.

She thought about it now.

Don’t think about it.

She fixed her eyes on the tree line instead. The light was going gold and sideways, the kind of late afternoon that made even dead suburbs look almost peaceful. They were making good time. Better than good. If they kept this pace they’d reach the outskirts of Longview before dark, and she wasn’t stopping before Longview. She’d decided that. There was a depot on the map eight miles ahead. It looked safe enough, away from populated areas, and defensible.

Dina’s shoulders rose and fell in a slow exhale behind her. They’d been quiet for the last hour, the comfortable kind of quiet that Ellie had always been bad at sustaining. She’d usually fill it with something dumb, some observation or half-remembered song lyric, but right now silence suited her just fine.

Another pothole. Shimmer lurched right to avoid it and Ellie’s jaw tightened. She pressed her lips together and tried to find anything to focus on instead. An anchor. Something still.

“You good up there?”

“Yeah.” Ellie kept her voice even. “Just tired.”

“Mm.” A pause. Shimmer’s ears rotated back briefly, then forward again. “We could stop. There’s a rest area coming up, the map shows a—”

“I’m fine, Dina.”

Another pause. Longer this time.

“Okay,” Dina said, and the word was careful. “I could use a stretch. My back is killing me.”

Ellie almost said yes. The word formed and sat right there at the front of her mouth, reasonable and obvious and yes, actually, yes, let’s stop - and then she saw it again behind her eyes: the basement. Joel lying there, helpless. Ellie powerless.

“Eight more miles,” Ellie said. “Then we stop.”

Dina didn’t answer right away. Ellie adjusted her grip on the reins and Shimmer tossed her head once, impatient, or maybe just reading the mood. Then Dina shifted. She leaned forward into Ellie and gave her a quick hug, just one squeeze, and let go.

Ellie stared at the road ahead. The highway stretched into the dying light, and somewhere behind her sternum there was a tightness that had nothing to do with the miles. She’d been carrying it since Jackson. She’d be carrying it when they got to Seattle.

She could carry this too.

Twenty miles, she told herself, and the horse moved beneath her, four beats, four beats, and the light kept falling.

The rest area sign came up on the left and Ellie watched it pass without a word and Dina watched it pass too, and neither of them said anything, and the silence between them was a different kind now. It was the kind with weight to it, the kind that would need tending to eventually.

Not yet.

Not yet.

Ellie gripped the reins tighter now, the leather biting into her palms as she tried to focus on the sounds of Shimmer's hooves. Eight miles to the depot. Eight miles of unrelenting motion that would conspire against her, each jolt of the saddle adding to the swelling urgency in her abdomen. Dina's presence behind her was a dual-edged comfort: the warmth of her body a anchor in the chill, yet the subtle press of her arms around Ellie's waist amplified every quiver, every desperate clench.

Dina said something else, her voice a low murmur against Ellie's ear, but Ellie didn’t catch what the words were. She could only manage a tight nod as she urged Shimmer onward, the horse's rhythmic trot sending fresh spikes of pressure radiating through her core. The bladder's ache had evolved into something fiercer, a throbbing insistence that demanded attention she refused to grant. She twisted in the seat, thighs clamping together in a vise-like grip, her free hand itching to press against her jeans. Seattle couldn’t wait. Abby couldn’t wait. She could.

As they neared a collapsed overpass the path veered into the ditch, causing Shimmer to sidestep and lurch. Each irregularity was agony, each sharp bounce made Ellie's muscles spasm, her breath hitching in shallow gasps. Sweat prickled her brow, cooling instantly in the crisp air, and she felt the first insidious trickle of doubt: Not now. Not here. But her body rebelled, the fullness pressing outward like a storm building behind a fragile levy. Dina's hands shifted, one settling firmer on Ellie's hip, as if sensing the storm's approach. 'Ellie... we can pull over. I know you need to get there, but it's not worth this.'

The words rang hollow to Ellie, drowned by the roar in her ears and the pulse of her own urgency. She squirmed openly now, rocking her hips against the saddle's unyielding curve, seeking friction that offered no relief, only a teasing exacerbation. Her thighs pressed together, the denim chafing against her skin as she fought the inevitable. A low whine escaped her throat, unbidden, and she clamped her lips shut, cheeks flushing with the heat of humiliation.

Dina leaned closer, her breath a warm counterpoint to the cold seeping through their layers. 'Talk to me. You're killing yourself here.' The concern in her voice cracked something in Ellie, the stubborn facade splintering under the weight of her need. 'It's... I have to piss,' Ellie admitted at last, the confession bursting out in a rush, her voice raw and breaking. As if it wouldn’t have been obvious to Dina. 'Been holding since the creek. Thought I could make it, but fuck, Dina, it's too much. I can't... I think I'm gonna-'

The words died as a warning spasm gripped her, a hot, involuntary twitch that sent a single, shameful spurt soaking into her underwear. She gasped, yanking the reins hard to the left, veering Shimmer toward a jagged outcrop of boulders that promised scant shelter amid the barren expanse. 'Stop, girl, stop,' she urged the horse, her tone frantic, but the motion only worsened it. Her hand finally abandoned the reins, darting between her thighs to press palm-flat against her crotch, fingers digging into the seam of her jeans in a desperate bid to stem the tide. She rocked forward, then back, squirming with abandon now, her ass grinding against the leather as if sheer will could seal the breach.

'Oh god, no. Dina, help, I can't hold it,' Ellie pleaded, her voice a fractured whisper, tears of effort stinging her eyes. The pressure crested, an unstoppable wave crashing through her defenses. She felt the dam burst: the initial hot gush erupting from her, warm urine flooding her panties in a sudden, saturating rush that seeped through the cotton and bloomed against her skin. She clamped down harder, her muscles quivering in futile protest, but it was no use. The flow accelerated, a steady stream hissing faintly against the fabric as it poured out, darkening the crotch of her jeans in an ever-widening stain.

Ellie whimpered, her body betraying her utterly as the piss cascaded down, rivulets tracing the contours of her inner thighs, soaking the denim from seam to seam. The warmth spread like liquid fire at first, a shocking contrast to the biting wind, but it cooled rapidly, turning clammy and heavy against her legs. She rocked in the saddle, hips bucking involuntarily with each pulse of release, the puddle forming beneath her on the leather seat, trickling over the edges to drip onto Shimmer's flanks in rhythmic patters. The scent rose faintly, sharp and ammoniacal, mingling with the earthy musk of horse and frost. Her hand remained pressed there, fingers slick now with the overflow, as the torrent continued. Waves of it still surging forth, soaking through to her boots, leaving dark trails that glistened wetly in the pale light.

Dina's arms tightened around her in a steadying embrace, her voice a soothing anchor. 'It's okay, Ellie. Let it go. I've got you.' But Ellie could only sob softly, the mix of relief and mortification twisting in her chest as the final trickles ebbed, leaving her drenched and spent. The wet fabric clung obscenely, chafing with every shift. Shimmer finally came to a halt behind the boulders and Dina slid down first, her hands gentle as she coaxed Ellie from the saddle.

———————————————

The wind clawed at them as they trudged onward, Shimmer's reins loose in Ellie's numb fingers, looking for somewhere to stop. Ellie's jeans clung to her, sodden and heavy, each step sending a fresh reminder of her accident. The urine had cooled to an icy sheath, seeping deeper into the fabric, darkening the denim to near-black along her inseam and pooling in the creases behind her knees. Her sneakers sloshed softly, the fabric absorbing what had trickled down, turning her walk into a labored waddle that she tried, futilely, to disguise.

Dina walked beside her, one arm looped supportively around Ellie's shoulders, the other guiding Shimmer's bridle. She said nothing at first, letting the silence stretch like the barren trail ahead. Ellie kept her eyes fixed on the horizon, where the cabin’s silhouette began to take shape. Eight miles had been the goal, but she had fallen short as usual. Ellie's cheeks burned, not from the cold, but from the way her body had betrayed her in such a primal, uncontrollable way. She stole a glance at Dina, expecting pity or, worse, disgust, but found only that soft, knowing gaze, the one that stripped away her defenses without cruelty.

'Stop there?' Ellie muttered, her voice hoarse. She adjusted her stance, thighs pressing together instinctively, though the damage was done. The warmth had long left, replaced by a clammy chill that had started to make her shiver uncontrollably.

Dina squeezed her shoulder, her touch warm through the layers. 'Yeah. We’ll stop there for the night' She paused, her thumb tracing a gentle circle on Ellie's arm. 'And Ellie... about what happened—'

'Don't,' Ellie cut in, sharper than intended, her free hand clenching into a fist at her side. The words hung between them, heavy as the wet fabric weighing her down. She wanted to erase it, to rewind to the moment before the floodgates opened, before the hot rush had claimed her dignity in full view of the one person whose opinion anchored her in this world. But denial only amplified the sensation: her soaked underwear clinging to her, the faint, lingering scent that the wind couldn't fully disperse. 'Just... forget it. It was nothing.'

Dina stopped then, halting Shimmer with a soft tug, and turned Ellie to face her. Dina's eyes, dark and earnest, searched Ellie's face. 'It wasn't nothing. You were hurting, and you pushed through because that's who you are. But you don't have to carry it alone.' She reached, hesitating only a second before brushing a strand of hair from Ellie's forehead, her fingers lingering. 'We'll clean you up. The rest... I've got your back. Always.'

Ellie's throat tightened, a knot of emotion swelling alongside the residual ache in her bladder, now empty but echoing with phantom pressure. She leaned into Dina's touch, the vulnerability cracking open further, tears pricking at the corners of her eyes, not purely from from shame anymore. 'I feel... disgusting,' she admitted in a whisper, her voice breaking. 'The way it just... kept coming, soaking everything. I tried so hard, Dina.' The confession spilled out, bringing her back to that moment: the initial spurt that had jolted her, the unrelenting stream that had hissed against her palm, the way it had cascaded down her legs in warm rivulets before chilling into a humiliating shroud.

Dina pulled her closer, enveloping her in an embrace that ignored the dampness seeping through. 'You're not disgusting. You're human. In this shitshow of a world, that's the strongest thing you can be.' She pressed a kiss to Ellie's temple, her lips warm against the cooling sweat. 'And for what it's worth, I've been there. Not on horseback, but close enough. Remember that storm last winter? I damn near flooded the lookout.'

A laugh escaped Ellie, surprising her. The sound was fragile but genuine, cutting through the weight in her chest. They resumed walking, the cabin drawing nearer, its faint outline sharpening into doorways and windows barred against the wilds.

There were no signs of recent life. There were no tracks, no echoes of the infected's guttural calls. Ellie exhaled, tension easing fractionally, though the physical discomfort lingered like a shadow. Her thighs rubbed together with each step, the friction irritating the slick skin beneath, and she shifted her weight to avoid the worst of it, acutely aware of the dark stain visible against the faded blue of her jeans.

Dina shouldered the door open after securing Shimmer to a post, the hinges groaning in protest. Empty bunks lined one wall, a rough table the other, and in the corner, a basin with a pump that, miracle of miracles, yielded icy water after a few stubborn cranks. 'Home sweet home,' Dina said, her tone lightening as she bolted the door behind them. She turned to Ellie, assessing. 'First things first, let's get you out of those.'

Ellie hesitated, but Dina was already moving, practical and tender, fetching a blanket from a bunk to drape around her shoulders. With gentle insistence, she helped Ellie peel off the soaked jeans, the fabric resisting with wet slaps as it came free, revealing pale skin marked by red chafe and clinging underwear translucent with pee. The cool air hit the dampness, raising gooseflesh, and Ellie shivered, arms wrapping around herself. Dina didn't flinch; instead, she wrung out the jeans over the basin, the urine pattering in dark streams, then rummaged for dry clothes from their packs. While Dina handled her jeans, Ellie bent down and pulled her soaked panties down her legs, shivering more as she stood, half naked, exposed.

As Ellie changed, a fire crackled to life under Dina's tending, casting flickering shadows that danced across the walls. The relief was profound: dry fabric against clean skin. They settled by the flames, sharing a meager meal of jerky and hardtack, the silence heavy now. Ellie's hand found Dina's, intertwining fingers, the touch grounding.

'Tell me something good,' Ellie said softly, leaning her head on Dina's shoulder. The cabin’s shelter, the fire's warmth, it all conspired to soften the edges of the day, turning survival into something tender.

Dina smiled, squeezing her hand. 'We're here. Together. And tomorrow, we keep going.'

