Guard Duty

Author: lurking07

*000*2026-03-29 18:38

The castle was silent, most of the court abed. The clock tower had just rung two bells. Two Protectors, so-called for the vow they had sworn to protect king and country, stood in a corridor outside a bolted door. Earlier that day, a mercenary had arrived with what she claimed were documents revealing a priceless secret, highly valued by both the king and his enemies. The king and his closest advisors had held a confidential meeting, before the mercenary emerged with a large sum of money and the king summoned his most trusted Protectors. He did not tell them what the documents were, or what secret they contained, but merely confirmed that what the mercenary had said was true. The king told his Protectors that he had locked the documents into a cabinet, and the cabinet would be locked into a windowless room, and the room guarded by two Protectors at all times. For extra protection, both locks were reinforced with magic.

For it was a land of magic, this kingdom, although what- or who- might be magical, and what that magic might be, only the gods knew. Some people were simply born with magic, and while some had magic they could bestow onto others, or transfer to objects, others had powers they alone could use.

Ronan was one such individual. His magic allowed him unique insight into the body of another person. It didn't allow him to literally see the inside of the other's body, nor to feel the sensations they felt, but rather to sense and conceptualize the state of the body. He could detect internal injuries, visualize defects in the heart, find cancers, notice impaired organ function, even diagnose pregnancy as soon as conception.

This skill would have made him useful as a Healer, but Ronan had always dreamed of becoming a Protector. He and his childhood friend, Spruce, had sworn a vow to one another that they would achieve this dream together.

Now, as young men of two and twenty, Ronan and Spruce had fulfilled their vow, and they stood on either side of a strong wooden door, protecting priceless secrets for their king.

The men had been standing guard for two hours, and still had another hour left in their watch. As usual, Ronan was restless, pacing around, fiddling with his dagger, playing with the hem of his cloak. Spruce had always called him hotheaded, both for his impulsive nature and his thick auburn hair, topping a face of red freckles with wide green eyes.

Unusually, Spruce was also restless this evening. If Ronan was fire, Spruce was ice, cool and calm, solid and immovable. His sleek, neat hair was a deep brown, almost black, and his gray eyes revealed nothing of the thoughts behind them. Spruce usually stood at his post in a quiet pose of attention, pacing a few lengths up and down the hall when he became stiff, but always moving with poise and purpose. However, for the last hour, Spruce had become more fidgety, shifting his weight from foot to foot, tapping his hands against his legs, and pacing more often than was necessary.

"Spruce. What ails you, man? You're more lively than me this evening!" Ronan asked jovially.

Spruce, who had been rubbing the tops of his thighs, stopped and glanced over at his friend with a frown.

"Nothing ails me. Keep a sharp eye."

Ronan shrugged before loping down the hallway for a brief patrol. Between all the Protectors at the front gates and throughout the halls, and all the fortifications within the castle, it would be a miracle if thieves made it all the way to their corridor. Nevertheless, Ronan would never be remiss in his duty.

When he returned to the door, Spruce was standing upright, his body tense, an expression of distinct discomfort on his face. Ronan became concerned.

"Are you unwell? You look as though someone pissed in your whiskey."

For some reason, this caused Spruce to wince, and he shifted positions yet again.

"I'm fine," he muttered, avoiding his friend's eye.

Ronan's concern deepened. Of course, Spruce would never admit to being ill or in pain, particularly not during such an important posting. But Ronan knew his friend, and something was not right with him.

"You're not. You've been acting off for the last hour. Let me check you-"

"No- Ronan, leave it-"

"No, something's the matter-"

Ronan reached out with his magic, intending to check Spruce for physical ailments. As he pushed his magic into Spruce, he began inspecting him for injuries or illnesses he may be hiding.

Ronan did not find any injuries in Spruce's body.

What he did find was an exceptionally full bladder.

Ronan pulled his magic away from Spruce as the other grit his teeth, red-faced. "Do you mind-"

"Huh." Ronan interrupted. "So, you need to take a massive piss. Why didn't you just say so?"

Spruce's face turned even more red, if that was possible. "I don't- that is-" he spluttered, before Ronan cut him off again.

"Don't lie, you know I can tell how full your bladder is. And gods, it's full! You’re needing badly! You-"

"Ronan." Spruce said in a long-suffering voice, holding his legs tightly together. "The reason I did not- why I did not- voice my need..." Spruce trailed off, closing his eyes and giving a tense sigh. "There is nothing to be done about it, so I did not see the point."

Ronan was perplexed. "Nothing to be done? What do you mean?"

Spruce opened his eyes and glared at Ronan, his entire body practically vibrating with tension. "We are in the middle of an extremely important guard assignment. I could hardly leave the documents less than fully protected."

Ronan had no response to that. He may act lighthearted and careless, and speak out of turn, but one thing he and Spruce had in common was their commitment to their duty as Protectors. He realized in Spruce's position, he'd do the same thing. Well, not the exact same thing.

"Sure, you can't just leave to take a leak. But why didn't you tell me when I asked? I thought you were sick, or hurt, but actually you're just busting for a piss-"

"Must you be so vulgar?!" Spruce hissed, flexing his hand towards his groin before curling it into a fist and holding his arms resolutely at his side. He shimmied his legs back and forth ever so slightly as he spoke. "I do not like others knowing that I- er- desire relief, if that relief cannot be gained imminently."

Ronan thought this over, comparing it to his memories of Spruce. It was true that while Spruce would sometimes say he was taking a break to "refresh himself", or follow Ronan into the privy when he went himself, he had never heard him voice a need to pee before. Ronan had no such qualms, and on long assignments or patrols would loudly complain to Spruce, or whoever else was around, that he was dying for a whiz. This usually caused Spruce to roll his eyes and chide Ronan not to be so childish.

At the moment, however, it was Spruce who looked childish, wiggling his legs back and forth and periodically reaching towards his crotch. He never made contact, seeming to realize what he was doing and suddenly snatching his hand away, but a few moments later it would be snaking down towards his groin again. He was obviously dying to hold himself, but refused to do so out of some sense of pride.

"Look mate, if you want to grab your cock, don't let me stop you," Ronan said generously.

Spruce turned purple and snapped upright into the "attention" position, his hands clasped behind his back. "Why do you say things like that? It's so indecent-"

"I've just noticed you keep reaching downstairs is all, and I know when I need a mean piss, keeping a hold on my prick definitely helps me."

Spruce's face was bright red again. He sighed, his knees ever so slightly turning towards each other as he said, "Ronan... can we please just not talk about it."

"Suit yourself," Ronan agreed, and for a time they lapsed into silence. Ronan found himself preoccupied with Spruce, who was acting less and less like a model Protector by the moment. His eyes were closed, and his breathing was deep and deliberate. His legs were now obviously pressed together, and he was bent slightly at the waist. His arms were glued to his sides, but Ronan could see his hands flexing rhythmically. Now that he knew what was wrong, Ronan wondered how he hadn't realized sooner. Spruce's body language just screamed "desperate to pee". Which, Ronan realized, he'd never seen before. He'd certainly seen Spruce uncomfortably full in the past, and he'd witnessed him take some impressively large pisses that indicated he'd been eager for relief, but he'd never seen him desperate. Which caused Ronan to wonder- exactly how much was Spruce holding to get to this point?

Ronan's magic wouldn't allow him to know an exact measurement of the amount of urine in Spruce's bladder, but he could get an accurate feel for the size, shape and tension of the organ. Following his curiosity, and with his usual lack of forethought or consideration, Ronan once again reached out to Spruce's body with his magic.

This time, he was able to zero in on the body part in question, and was immediately taken aback. Spruce's bladder took up a huge amount of space in his abdomen, and was in fact bulging up and out, causing his skin to protrude outward in a noticeable dome. His bladder was the size of a large melon, and the walls were very taut, with little give to them. While he couldn't guess at the measurement of the piss inside, Ronan could tell it was a massive amount- certainly more than he himself could hold. Which then brought up the question- how did Spruce come to be holding so much? They'd only been on duty for a few hours, and Spruce hadn't been drinking excessively since they’d started. Ronan pondered this thought as he continued to explore Spruce's gargantuan bladder. It really was impressive, so large and heavy... with so much hot piss inside, pushing down on Spruce's prick... He must be longing to let it all loose, to let it thunderously spray out...

"Ronan." He was startled from his reverie by Spruce, who was squinting at him suspiciously. Spruce's legs weren't exactly crossed, but he did have one in front of the other, and it seemed as though he was trying to squeeze his manhood between them. "Are you using your magic on me again?"

"Yes," Ronan replied blithely. "That's a huge load of piss you're wanting to let out, friend. How long have you been holding it?"

Spruce opened his mouth, whether to protest Ronan's crass language or his complete disregard for boundaries, Ronan wasn't sure. But instead, Spruce slumped back against the wall with a groan, finally crossing his legs fully. He rubbed his hand down his face before looking over at Ronan and admitting, "My last relief break was before supper."

"Before supper!" Ronan repeated in surprise. "That was nigh six hours ago! And you had all those flagons of ale, and the water as well..."

"Don't I know it... nnggg..." Spruce muttered with a groan, before finally allowing himself to take his cock in hand and give it a firm squeeze. He gave a slight sigh of satisfaction at the relief it brought, but after a few moments he released himself and began rapidly shuffling his legs instead.

"But Spruce," Ronan persisted, "We left supper at 10 bells, and guard duty didn't start until 12. Why didn't you go for a piss before shift?"

Spruce gave himself another, longer squeeze this time and did not speak. Ronan briefly thought he wouldn't answer, but after a few moments Spruce removed his hand from his groin and took a breath.

"At first, I did not need to. Then, once I felt an urge, it was nearly time for shift to start. I didn't have time to return to quarters, and there were always others in the privies at the Protectors’ training rooms. I... prefer not to relieve myself in front of the other lads." Spruce said quietly.

"Is that so?" Ronan was surprised. "But you've whipped it out for a whiz in front of me lots of times."

"That's different," Spruce replied, a faint blush on his cheeks. "You're my closest friend."

Ronan knew that it was true, but was still touched to hear Spruce state it aloud. He watched his friend try and fail to maintain decorum, his posture tense, his legs rhythmically squeezing together, his hand frantically rubbing his thigh. He looked so stressed and uncomfortable, and despite true relief being a ways off yet, Ronan did not want Spruce standing on ceremony when there was only him to see.

"You're my closest friend as well, Spruce." Ronan replied in an uncharacteristically soft voice. Their eyes met for a moment, and Ronan felt an odd sensation he couldn't place. Blinking, he turned away and cleared his throat.

"So, being as we're such good mates, and I know you're busting to take a big pee, why don't you stop trying to hide it from me?" Ronan asked. Spruce frowned, confused. "What I mean is, there's no need to act so upright and proper in front of me. Give the snake a squeeze, if you're wanting to. Do a privy dance, if that helps." Ronan paused, shaking the image from his head. "I'm just saying, whatever you do to dull the urge, no one will hear it from me."

Spruce watched his friend for a few moments, tension radiating from his body. Ronan assumed he saw no sign of trickery or guile, since he slowly moved his hand to his crotch, before grasping his cock firmly in his hand. Despite the dim light, Ronan could see the outline of Spruce's bulge through his trousers. He swallowed and looked away. At the same time, Spruce gave a long, unrestrained groan.

"Ohhhhh... gods, I need to relieve myself..."

For the next while, Ronan was treated to a very arousing- arousing? No, no, it was amusing- an amusing display of blatant pee desperation from Spruce. The man shuffled and shifted, bending over and crossing his legs, uncrossing them and stepping from side to side, massaging his manhood shamelessly. Ronan was alarmed to feel his own prick stiffening in his trousers, but simply adjusted himself as best he could and decided he'd consider at a later time why in the kingdom his cock became erect at this. After all, it was just Spruce, Ronan's oldest and closest friend, urgently needing a piss. Just Spruce, his tall height bent in on himself, his strong muscles tensing with need, his calloused warrior's hands gripping his large, hardening member...

Ronan was losing his mind.

With three bells and the end of their watch fast approaching, Spruce was breathing as heavily as he did during sparring sessions. His eyes were closed, and he stepped briskly from foot to foot, still holding himself tightly. His moaning had gotten more frequent, along with the low mutterings of "Gods... I need relief... I must relieve myself... so badly... need to go so badly..."

"Not long now, friend," Ronan encouraged his companion. "Just keep it corked up a few minutes longer, and the next watch will be here."

Instead of seeming reassured, Spruce looked horrified. His eyes flew open, and he let go of his manhood, but immediately doubled over with a groan and stuffed his hand back between his legs.

"Next watch! Oh gods- Ronan- they can't see me like- in this state-"

Ronan understood. Well, not really. Had it been him bursting for a whiz, he'd have no problem with next watch showing up while he held his cock- no problem telling them if they had gotten there any later he would have whipped it out and pissed on the floor. But Ronan was shameless, and Spruce was decidedly not. Spruce cared about his reputation, about being seen as the stoic, respectable warrior. If anyone saw him like this, legs twisted together, gripping the front of his trousers like a child, Spruce would surely die of embarrassment.

"Hey, hey, mate, all's well. Here's what we'll do. Next watch comes from the south side of the corridor, yeah? As soon as we see them, you head off down the north end of the corridor. I'll tell them you've taken ill, you won't have to talk to them at all."

For a moment, Spruce seemed placated, but suddenly crossed his legs over his hands and moaned. "Ohhhh... gods, I'm bursting- mmm- Ronan- I- I don't know if I can wait that long." Spruce admitted, his face aglow.

Ronan started to reach out with his magic, knowing he could pretty accurately gauge how full Spruce's bladder was, how fast it was filling and therefore how much longer he could hold. However, he paused, then awkwardly offered, "I could check for you? With my magic, I mean?"

Spruce had uncrossed his legs and was marching from foot to foot. "You can do that? Check if I... can..."

"Hold it long enough? Aye, I should be able to see just how much your piss tank can hold, and how close you are to maximum capacity. I can also see how your- um- that..." Ronan stuttered, which was unlike him, and despite his preoccupation, Spruce noticed.

"What is it?"

Ronan felt his cheeks heat up. Was he blushing? "The muscle. That holds it in. The one at the base of your bladder, above your- um... member. I can see how tired it is, how soon before it gives out."

Ronan knew this whole statement from him sounded bizarre, especially since he knew more synonyms for "cock" than any man amongst the Protectors. He could tell Spruce was thinking the same, as he gave him a puzzled look before biting his lip.

"Yes, please check. I'd appreciate the... reassurance... oh, gods..."

Ronan reached out without hesitation and began inspecting Spruce with his magic. The man's bladder had swelled to an enormous size, and it pulsed angrily, trying to expel the huge amount of liquid it contained. At the bladder's base, the sphincter muscle valiantly worked to keep the opening shut. Ronan could tell that the muscle was fatigued, and would soon give out, but not in the next few minutes. As taut as Spruce's bladder was, it could expand just a bit further.

Ronan pulled his magic out. "You'll be fine," he told his friend. "You've not got long, but it's long enough for next watch to arrive and you to get yourself gone. Gods above though man, I've never seen a bladder like yours. There's enough piss in there to have three men longing for their chamber pots."

Spruce was breathing deeply, crossing his right leg over his left, then the left leg over the right.

"And have you- blast- oh dear fuck I need a pee- have you seen many full bladders then?" he gritted out. Spruce practically never swore, but then again, with his level of desperation, Ronan couldn't blame his friend.

"I've seen a fair few. Perk of the powers, one might say. You wouldn't believe how often someone acts shifty, as though they've got something to hide, so I check them over, only to find out what they're hiding is they need to take a huge leak."

"I can- nnng- relate..." Spruce muttered. "Gods and all the kings, I've never needed to piss so much- mmph- fucking dying to go- Oh gods, I just want relief, I bloody need to PEE-"

"Hallo lads!" Called a cheery voice from the south end of the hall.

"It's next watch- hurry- go-"

Quick as a flash, Ronan spun his friend towards the north end of the corridor, wrapping his cloak around his shoulders. Spruce made slow, mincing progress down the hall, both hands holding his prick beneath the cloak. Ronan reached out with his magic, visualizing the man's bladder. With each footstep it contracted angrily, trying to force out the ocean Spruce was holding inside. He had minutes left, at best.

With half his mind still monitoring Spruce, Ronan quickly briefed the next watch, explaining that Spruce had taken ill and he wanted to go check on him. The Protectors bid him goodnight, and Ronan hurried down the hall and around the corner, only to find Spruce slumped against the wall. He was still holding his piss in, but just barely, groaning and gasping.

"Ronan- oh gods, Ronan, I can't hold it longer- I've got to piss NOW-" Spruce was fumbling one-handedly with his trousers, his other hand kneading his cock through the fabric. Ronan could see with his eyes and sense with his magic his friend was more than slightly hard.

"Gods alive Spruce, there's a privy just ahead- here-" Ronan propelled the other man twelve paces down the hallway before pulling open the door and pushing his friend inside. Spruce's prick was already out and in his hand, and a brief spurt of urine burst out onto the floor.

"The door- Ronan, shut the door-"

Ronan slammed the door shut behind them and turned around just in time to see piss explode out of Spruce. It flowed out with more pressure than Ronan had ever seen, the stream fierce and thick, pounding into the basin like a rainstorm.

"Ohhhh... gods... oooh..." Spruce moaned and sighed as the piss poured out. He used the hand that wasn't aiming his wildly pissing cock to brace himself against the wall, breathing as hard as though he'd just come from battle.

The privy was meant for a single person, and was much too small a space for two large men. Ronan was crowded uncomfortably close to his friend, and once again he felt his trousers growing tight around his hardening prick. He tried to look away, tried to turn, but there was nowhere else to look, and truthfully, he was mesmerized. Spruce continued to urinate with the force of someone pouring out a goblet, and the sounds of relief he was making were positively indecent.

"Ohhh... oooh... ahhh... hahhhhh..."

After what felt like hours but was realistically less than two minutes, Spruce finally finished relieving himself. He stood still for a few more moments, catching his breath, before seeming to become aware of the situation: he was squashed into a tiny privy with his closest friend practically pressed against him, his cock still in his hand. In the small space, it was blatantly obvious to both men that Spruce was fully, painfully erect. Spruce coughed, and began trying to stuff himself back into his trousers- a difficult feat, considering how large and hard he was. "Sorry- I just-"

Ronan realized he was staring and ripped his eyes away, casting them wildly towards the ceiling. "It's fine!" he said, his voice oddly high and tight. "No worries at all! Could happen to any of us! You decent? Come, let's get out of here and retire. I'm surely ready for bed!"

Ronan pushed open the door and stumbled into the corridor. Spruce followed, having finally managed to put his cock away and do up his trousers. Both men were blushing deeply.

"Yes... bed..." Spruce said, and followed Ronan back to the Protectors' quarters. Ronan clapped Spruce roughly on the shoulder before entering his chamber, shutting the door behind him before sagging against it. His prick was still hard as a rock, and he had no idea how to make sense of the events of the evening, or his body's mysterious response to his friend's- his friend's, his oldest, closest friend's- desperate need to pee.

