The Common Trio - The Three That Cannot Be

Author: Daredare205

*000*2026-03-10 02:14

Just a warning that there's no omo in this first part. This is purely for worldbuilding.

____

CHAPTER 1 - FAMILIAR SOUL

To my left, I saw nothing. To my right, I saw nothing. No matter how I turned my head, I saw nothing. My skin was cold, but I felt a warmth within me. I didn’t know what it was or where it came from, I just knew I could trust it. I tried to reach out to see if I could touch something, and I felt nothing but bitter coldness. I tried to pull my legs free of the floor, but found my feet to be part of the very floor itself. With thrashing around accomplishing nothing except making myself sore and tired, I opted to just go to sleep. I figured it would at least help to pass the time. I could not know how long I slept for, only that when I awoke, my hair had grown to my knees and my nails had grown to curl against themselves. I was in a ragged state, yet somehow I wasn’t in any pain at all. I suddenly heard a crashing sound ring out, seemingly from all directions at once. It made no sense.

A few moments later, I heard voices yelling about skeletons in the hallways. It didn’t take me long to figure out what was going on. An adventuring party was exploring some kind of labyrinth and had gotten lost, opting to settle down on the floor they were currently on to rest for a bit. I overheard their strategizing and found it interesting. They had a ranger of druid descent, a magical healer of elven descent, two barbarians of dwarven descent, and a high enchanter of catsii descent. I didn’t know why, but I felt myself listening intently to anything that had to do with the catsii girl, who apparently went by the name Stella.

Something didn’t feel right about the conversation. It didn’t seem like she was an original member of the group. When she did contribute to the conversation, it was quips about “the good old days” when she was with her sisters. She had mastered so many forms of magic and built up surprisingly effective strategies around her group’s dynamics, yet for all their strength and all their might, they were separated and slain. Stella was the sole survivor, having escaped with her soul permanently damaged after pushing her illusionary abilities past her limits to create a diversion and escape. Her story cut off there. She just stopped talking. In fact, everyone had stopped talking. I wondered if I was alone again.

No, I wasn’t alone. I may not have actually met them yet, but there were others there. I gathered as much strength as I could and screamed for help at the top of my lungs. I heard several of them say things like “did you hear that?” I didn’t need any time to compose myself. I tried again right away. This time, they seemed to agree that they definitely heard something. I heard them talking strategy, apparently they were going with a formation that put the two barbarians at the front with the ranger right behind the barbarians, trailed at a slight distance by the high enchanter and the healer. After a few moments of footsteps slowly getting closer, I heard Stella finally say something again. She was talking about the strange warmth she was feeling. 

Something that was bubbling up inside her from a part of herself that she didn’t even know was there. She couldn’t put a finger on what she was remembering, but she was definitely reliving something kind and familiar for an impossibly short moment. It seemed impossibly short to be anything other than maybe a change in magic flow from her fractured soul. I mean, she said it herself, she pushed herself way past her limits when she escaped, and now her soul was permanently cracked. So why was she pushing herself again? If she knew she was hurt like that, why was she still pushing forward? Why continue to use her powers to keep the party safe? She said it herself. She doesn’t even know these people. They just saw her all depressed at the adventurer’s guild and were like “yeah come with us we’ll cheer you right up”. Somehow, I felt like that was working.

Again, I felt that strange, familiar warmth bubbling up within myself. I looked to my right. I still couldn’t see anything. I tried to move. I still couldn’t free my feet from the floor. I don’t know what it was, but when they got close enough that the tip of her magical energy brushed against my own, I felt as if I was looking into the eyes of a lifelong friend, and they were looking back at me in the exact same way. I quickly shook my head, clearing the illusion and finding that they still hadn’t entered the room I was in. Was this the high enchanter’s illusionary magic at work? Was it something actually familiar?

Why was I asking so many questions instead of focusing on trying to figure out how to free myself from this… Cage? Spell? Trap? I didn’t have any answers to any of these questions, so I called out for help again. At least that seemed to be making something happen even if they hadn’t actually found me yet. Funny that I’d think of that sentence about them not finding me yet right as I heard a pounding on the door. The barbarians cussed at it. There was some kind of complex magic seal on it that was keeping their weapons from striking the structure of the door itself.

I heard Stella say to herself about how she hates stuff like this. Every time she goes on an adventure, she’s forced to use her unique powers to finish the mission despite the cracks in her soul growing every time she uses her powers. I mean, they could turn back now. I could stop calling for help. I genuinely thought about it, then I went through with it. I shut up and I kept my mouth shut. I wanted nothing more than to be free, to feel something other than this crushing cold against every inch of my body… But I couldn’t do that. I didn’t even know this Stella person. I had never heard of her before. A high enchanter born from the catsii race? Talk about a rarity. Maybe I wanted her to stop before she pushed herself too far so she would live simply for the fact that she was unique and I would feel guilty if she burnt herself up trying to save me despite having no idea who I was? More questions without answers.

There was a sound not unlike a string being pulled tight and then tapped by a smooth wooden spoon. Just a moment later, the barbarians were back at it, bashing their metal weapons into the enormous stone doors. How did I know they were stone? How did I know there were two doors that had a release plate located inside the room I was trapped in? A release plate… Where could it be? I tried to bend over and feel around the floor with my hands, but I didn’t find anything besides plain old cold stone. I tried lifting my feet again. 

They came right out of the floor. I heard large massive stones in motion as light began to spill in around the edges of the massive doors as they slowly slid open. I found myself looking right at the high enchanter. Who knows what it was, but we both put a hand to our chest at the same time. I felt as if something I lost long ago had found its way back to me. I can’t explain how I knew this, but I know she felt the same way. I could feel the cracks in her soul. I could feel how close she was to shattering. If that last attempt of hers… No… That last attempt of OURS… If that had failed, she would have died here in the bottom of a labyrinth neither of us knew anything about.

I saw her staring at me with such intensity. Those twilight violet eyes had a light behind them. They did much more than look at me. Even to say they looked into me didn’t feel like an adequate explanation. I was looking at a depth that was looking into my depths. I couldn’t explain it. I don’t know how I knew, but I already knew that once she removed her outer armor and flooded the room with artificial light, I would get a look at her silver and lilac hair that came down to her shoulders.

She looked to be in her mid twenties, five-foot nine-inches or so, maybe 190 pounds at most. She took one more long look at me and I saw myself looking at myself through her eyes. I wondered if she had the same brief experience of seeing from both perspectives. I saw her lower her gaze and eye up my feet before instructing one of the barbarians to shatter the stone device wrapped around my ankles. I thought I would feel fear at the sight of the giant troll bringing its iron battle axe far above its head before bringing it crashing down just inches from my feet, but all I felt was hope. I was going to be free. Free from what, I wasn’t sure. I just knew I was getting out of here.

*002*2026-03-10 02:42

{{2 minutes ago, Nephrite said:

No idea where this is going, but it was surely well made and imaginative.

You have me intrigued. Please, go on!

}}

Thank you! I read a dnd campaign story awhile back about a game type where each player is given completely blank character sheets and they don't get any information about their character until it became relevant to the story. I specifically remember:

Player: I enter the bar and ask the bartender if there's anything weird going on nearby.

DM: Dragonborn are rare in these parts, so she is suspicious of your approach.

Player: I'M A DRAGONBORN?!!!

Obviously this isn't the same thing, but I just figured I'd say least do something with that dnd moment that's been in my head for over 10 years now lol

Also, IDK if you read any of my old Fur Affinity stories before I decided I was bad at writing and deleted them, but I'm bringing back the idea of Commonality as a very important part of catsii culture and how it alters the souls of those who experience it together for the first time. I'm working on how to define it as an actual thing... Those old stories suffered from a lot of "oh yeah and then this happened" and IDK it just wasn't great.

It's what? I think 3 years later now? I really enjoyed writing this part. I've got a 3 page Google Docs thing going on what's going to be the three main characters, despite not having met them in chapter 1, or at least not in the way they'll eventually know themselves.

*004*2026-03-10 14:15

{{11 hours ago, Nephrite said:

I have heard of that DnD premise!

I have not read any of your Fur Affinity posts. But I am certain that you should not have deleted them. I believe that you have ever deleted some of your old posts here. And that's even more unfortunate. What happened with "Crystal: Newest member of the family!" - hadn't had the chance to read that one!

Obfuscating your own work after you realised that it was harming people is one thing, but erasing it from existence for just being amateurish is not reason enough!

}}

Okay so I deleted the Fur Affinity ones bc I was genuinely unhappy with them, but I didn't delete Crystal: Newest Member of the Family or the one about the catgirl from another world (I'm tired and the name I picked escapes me at the moment).

I've got a ticket open with this website to see if those can be restored and find out how they got deleted in the first place.

*005*2026-03-12 17:33

Just realized I'm an idiot. She has Twilight Violet eyes... I said that because I was trying to describe both color and texture, but then I discovered that Twilight Violet is the name of a character from My Little Pony and I have square brain like usual lol

Going forward, Stella's eyes will be described as moonlit violet.

*006*2026-03-12 23:51

Chapter 2 - STARWARD MIGHT TO PUNCH THROUGH THE HEAVENS

_______

It was the strangest thing. When the binding device was broken, I should have felt pain where it shattered against my skin, but all I felt was this strange power surge. A charged pulse ran through my entire body, as if I had soaked up some kind of energy from the act of the binding device shattering. Maybe it was some kind of seal being broken now that the device had been broken? For a moment, I just looked at my hands in front of me. It looked like I did some kind of hard work in my life before ending up here, as my hands were hardy with lots of thick meat inside my knuckles and on the pads beneath my thumbs.

Flexing my hands also showed me the muscles moving along my arms. Looks like I was pretty strong, not that I really have anything to compare against… I found myself looking at Stella and finding her arms to be much slimmer than mine. Well, she’s a high enchanter according to the party she’s adventuring with, so maybe she doesn’t train in physical combat. Physical combat… Something about that thought just sounded right… Thank the lord for the inner voice we hear when thinking to ourselves.

There was a momentary pause as the elven healer looked at Stella, then at me. I got to see the green in the elf’s eyes and wondered if she might be from Maple… A question for later. At the moment, I was just kind of overwhelmed… I was saved. I was free. But… Where would I go? What would I do? Did I even have a home?

Stella came closer to me, giving me a good view of her slender form and her moonlit violet eyes. She looked me up and down with a rather blank expression. It was like she just wasn’t there.

“You don’t remember me, do you?” I swear I saw a tear form on the corner of her right eye, but then it seemed to just vanish.

For a moment, I just looked at her. I really wasn’t sure what to say, so I just said what was at the top of my mind. “I don’t remember anything, but you seem familiar somehow. I feel like I’ve met you before, but I just can’t put my finger on it.”

I watched her start to cry for just a second before she tensed up and slapped the shit out of me, leaving a much deeper, hot pain on my cheek than I would expect from someone so slim. The moment I was done focusing on my cheek and was once again paying attention to what was happening in front of me, I saw her standing there angrier than I could have imagined. Her fists were closed so tight I could hear the skin on her hands getting crushed. I half expected to see blood drip from her hands with how hard she was clenching her fists. I saw the tears run down her face as she threw her upper body forward, her fists flying back as she put every ounce of her being into the deafeningly loud exclamation I’ll never be able to forget.

“I’M YOUR SISTER YOU IDIOT!”

I had a sister. That was news to me, but it would explain why she looked familiar. I found myself in one of those moments where you get so overwhelmed with everything that you don’t notice what’s going on around you, like the fact that my sister was crying her eyes out right in front of me. I couldn’t have made my body stay still even if I wanted to. I found myself throwing myself into a big hug around her, pulling her tight against me and taking in everything as I too began to cry. I told her about how I was so happy to have met her and how excited I was to discover her all over again.

“Awww, what a cute little reunion” The elven healer giggled something nasty, immediately putting me on guard.

I don’t remember having any training or anything like that, but it seemed my body remembered. When I got that feeling that dodging the blow from the lead dwarven barbarian was perhaps not the best idea, my body had already abandoned my attempt to step to the side and instead grabbed his battleaxe. I remember the look of surprise on his face when the stone cracked beneath my feet instead of my body crumbling. I mean, it’s not like his attack was weak, I definitely felt the force behind it, but I wasn’t in any pain. It was like I had… Soaked it up? A few more of his strikes against me and I decided to hit back. Naturally, my bare hands couldn’t fold his armor, and now my hand hurt quite a lot. That cycle seemed to go on for a bit… Block, block again, try to strike, can’t get through his armor, back on the defensive… Why was I only taking damage when I attacked him? Why couldn’t his attacks damage me, but my attacks towards him actually did damage me?

Funny how that works… If I don’t seem to be taking damage from one of them attacking me, of course they’ll both shotpile on me and force me down. Only, when I was hit by surprise from behind at the exact moment I tried to attack the one in front of me, I felt a charge run through my body. I felt a dense heat move from where the axe had struck my back, then it forced its way through my chest before riding up my arms and bursting out of my fist right as I connected with the barbarian in front of me. That punch went through his heavy metal armor like it was paper and sent him flying back, where he landed on a magic circle that glowed red, bathing the room in a crimson light before vanishing and leaving no trace of the dwarven barbarian.

I was distracted by the magic circle when I heard Stella scream. I looked over to see her holding her staff out to block the barbarian that had apparently switched to attacking her instead of me. Naturally, his weighted battleaxe went right through her staff, snapping it in two, but at least it bought enough time for me to pounce on the fool. Now that I was on his back, I wrapped my hands around his neck and squeezed, but he was too strong. I couldn’t squeeze hard enough to accomplish anything and found myself dazed when he backed up against a wall to try to crush me.

The moment my eyes focused, that giant axe was coming at me again. I don’t know what it was, but something told me to tank the hit. I didn’t hold up my arms or anything, I did exactly what my soul told me to do. I could feel it… The power bubbling up from deep within… When he hit me, I once again felt that weighted charge ride through my body, and I aimed to punch him in the face, but the charge left my hand before I could reach him. It seemed whatever I was soaking up only lasted for a split second… Everyone seemed to stop for a moment when the elf began to chant something, causing a green ring to appear around her feet and radiate upwards.

“Speed to catch the fastest ravens. Strength to snap the mightiest trees. I give unto thee the starward might to punch through the heavens!”

Part of me wished I’d ran to interrupt her, but my body, mind and soul told me to stay put. I didn’t need specialized training to know that grabbing hold of someone casting such dense magic would fry me like a chicken leg. Now, when the barbarian looked down at me, he had a new ferocity in his eyes. He shouted something about splitting me in two and brought his axe down upon me. Honestly, with his speed, I’m not sure I could have dodged if I’d wanted to. The moment his axe met my shoulder, I was pushed down onto my knees. I felt my body soak up the hit, giving me that charged punch once again, and once again, it left me before I could get a hit in. Again, he swung at me, and again I felt no pain, but I felt the weight behind his mighty blows. This was not a simple barbarian anymore. Whatever that elf had cast on him had more than doubled his strength and speed.

Finally, the timing worked out and I landed a punch square on his stomach, punching through his armor and sending him crashing through several stone walls. We all watched the stone ceiling come down on him. We waited for the moment he’d burst out from under the stone and scream about how angry he was, but it never came. I looked back where the elf had been, and the whole group was gone.

“Still got it, huh sis?” Stella said this with a smile on her face, but I could see how much pain she was in. I didn’t notice it earlier, but when the barbarian broke her staff, he also pushed her down where her leg had gotten caught in a large crack in the floor. She must’ve been forced to brace herself while her leg was still caught… I know it wasn’t supposed to bend that way.

“I mean… I don’t know… I just did what felt right… Not like I have any training or anything… More importantly, are you okay?”

“Y-yeah, just a bit banged up. How about you?” Again, she was smiling at me while her tears gave away the amount of pain she was really in.

“I think I’m okay… I definitely felt the weight of his blows, but I’m not in any pain aside from my hand being sore.”

“Yeah, I saw that. Hitting his armor right as your combo broke, that had to hurt.”

“It did.” I walked towards her, put my hands in the crack in the floor and strained to open it far enough for her to get her leg out. It seemed I wasn’t super strong unless I was actively being attacked… How strange…

*007*2026-03-13 01:08

Chapter 3 is gonna be a reveal. Who's backstory should I do first? The narrator, or Stella?

*009*2026-03-13 15:14

{{13 hours ago, warham1995 said:

The narrator

}}

It'll come in pieces. I'm still working on a lot of it. For now, here's the next part to tide you over.

CHAPTER 3 - SAFE PASSAGE

___

Making our way out of the labyrinth actually proved surprisingly simple. While Stella didn’t have healing powers per se, she was able to cast a kind of damage suppression spell that will last for several days, and since it draws on only positive energy, it doesn’t exacerbate the damage to her soul, or something like that. This is all a bit over my head to be honest. However, with her injury taken care of for the moment, it was just a matter of finding the skyward staircases. From what she’s explained to me, dungeons and labyrinths are captured from the top down, so going back up from the lowest point is actually pretty easy. We didn’t run into any traps or anything on our way back up, just some wandering monsters that tried to rush us, but these things proved to be far less powerful than the dwarves I’d pummelled in the room I was trapped in. 

I made short work of them, and for a moment during the fight with one of the stronger ones, I found myself getting pulled into what I can only describe as a pleasant rhythm. While I still don’t fully understand my power, I’ve got an idea of how it works. It seems I do best when I’m able to keep a combo going, striking back immediately every time I take a hit so that I can release the energy I’ve absorbed from my opponent’s blows. However, it seemed that I was unable to absorb blows to my breasts, so best be careful to keep those under my guard as they’re still a bit sore after that.

I’d known from the beginning that I was female, I mean, it’s kind of hard to miss that when you have that kind of weight on your chest every second of every day, but what I didn’t know until I saw my reflection in a pool of crystal clear water was that I was not… What was the name of the race everyone compared against as “normal”? I don’t remember the name, but long story short, I look very similar to them with the only real visible differences being my ears and tail. 

I didn’t even know that wasn’t normal until Stella pointed out to me that the most likely reason the party disappeared was to set another trap for us because we’re catsii, which is apparently a very rare race that’s nearly extinct. She says that each of us has a single, bone-simple gift, and that our raw unstoppable power lies in that simplicity. She said that she is capable of casting complex and arcane magic, but why would she ever burn through that much mana when she could stick to spells that rely solely on positive or negative energy?

Before long, we reached the top of the labyrinth and I found myself turning around and staring in awe at the size and complexity of the stone entrance. It looked like a sage level mage’s ruins. Wait… How did I know that? It didn't matter, my attention was pulled to movement in the trees. Someone threw a rope down and rode down with their shoes and gloves grinding against the rope to slow their descent. Having landed with a slight thud, they looked at us with an excited curiosity. They looked to be roughly 5 feet tall, with a muscular build and a set of clothing that looked more decorative than protective. I found myself looking at their blue eyes and their brown hair. It was strange to see hair that was all the same color and tone with no change along its length, along with eyes that were just blue with no lighter ring on the inside or outside of the iris. Their face was very expressive, giving me a clear window into their stunned curiosity mixed with a sort of overwhelmed sensation.

“To think I’d find you two here of all places” They began, locking onto me and then Stella with those strange blue eyes. “I thought your race was lost to time. Just how lucky can one guy get?”

I watched Stella reach for the red gemstone atop what she’d managed to save from her shattered staff. Something told me to do the same, and I took up guard between my sister and the strange man, telling him to get lost. I expected anger or perhaps some sort of proud sinister smile as he told us we had no right to make such demands, but he just looked at me for a second before his eyes lost a little of their light and he slowly nodded before turning and starting to walk away. What had I just done? My first real interaction with another race and I’d scared them away… For a moment, I wished I could just tear off my ears and tail and declare myself… What was the name of his race again?

“Good move, sis.” Stella reassured me, placing a hand on my shoulder. “Humans have very willful hearts. They’ll do anything to accomplish their goals, no matter how noble or how sinister. Best to not get involved with their kind.”

“I see. Was that the strange… Distant sensation I felt when I looked at him? Like I wasn’t able to look into him the way I was able to look into everyone in the labyrinth?”

I was hoping for a simple answer. What I got was an explanation about the “distance” between body, mind and soul, and how us catsii are blessed with a reduced distance between those three, and that we’re apparently similar to elves in the fact that we can use magic that’s unique to our race due to that close proximity. I was also told about greed, and how easily human hearts can drown in it. From what I could tell, humans had this strange fourth element in their composition… Body, mind, soul, and heart. When the heart is consumed by sorrow and fury, it corrupts the soul to the point that they almost become a completely different person. That made me wonder if there was a way to prevent that from happening… Perhaps humans could be good friends if we could find a way to prevent that corruption from taking root…

“We should hit up the human village to the east and get ourselves a map.” Stella said, looking at the trees as if expecting to see more humans drop down ready to attack.

“I thought you just said that we should avoid humans?” I asked, now genuinely confused.

“I did say that, but there’s no way to never interact with them. They’re just plain everywhere. And besides, when you find a good human village where the people have good hearts, it can be a really rejuvenating experience. I know a village just east of here that’s ruled by a huntsman I used to be good friends with.”

As we walked, Stella told me more about the humans, and about her friend who was apparently named Theodore. I learned many things about humans through her stories. Apparently, they’re born as a sort of unwritten scroll, empty and ready to soak up as much information as they can. So strange that they’re born with no idea of how life works… They have to try things, see what works, see what gets them in trouble, and figure it out from there. It seems only a chosen few truly understand their magical gifts and are able to use these gifts in any meaningful way. 

These people are apparently called mages, which are a class above wizards in terms of magic output and their understanding of magic theory. However, what really caught my attention was her mention of an old mansion that we all used to play in when we were little. Apparently, I’d received professional training from a human due to my incompatibility with outward magic theory. I wondered if my fighting style might just be my body remembering the training I was being told about.

I don’t know what it was, but there was a moment when we were both looking at a bird’s nest in the trees, and we looked at each other, really looked at each other, and we saw things. I put a hand to my head as my vision flashed with images too fast to actually see them. Apparently I stepped back before I tripped and fell, having been pulled back to my senses by the impact as my bottom struck the ground. I looked back up at Stella, and found I had a new definition of “sister”. Somehow, I just knew we weren’t related by blood, but somehow I also knew we had a bond that stretched deeper than any blood relation ever could. It was like she was in my soul and I was in hers.

Before I had a chance to realize what was happening, she had dropped to her knees and pulled me into a tight hug as she cried her eyes out. This was much different than the first time… These tears held no anger or sadness. I could feel her soul resonating with my own. For that brief moment, it was like we were two halves of the same person, split across two bodies. For just that split second, it felt strange that we lived in separate bodies… I couldn’t describe it then, and I’ve never been able to describe it since then. I just knew we had a bond that stretched deep within our souls, far deeper than any sense of self could ever dig. It was like our very sense of identity had been lifted and placed atop this feeling of commonality. Was this what they called soul mates?

*010*2026-04-07 20:18

CHAPTER 4 - SHADOWS BENEATH THE FLAMES

___

Continuing to walk towards the village to the east, we stopped to take a drink from a crystal clear stream. Having had our drink, we decided to simply take a rest. Looking up at the trees again, I found myself holding my sister’s hand as we sat only inches apart. I took a moment to really look at my sister. I have to say, if I was a guy, I’d be pushing and shoving through the lines to get to date someone that looks the way she does. She’s tall and slender with a narrow frame, and she wears a light set of silver armor that looks custom made by the way it fits her body so well. Beneath that, she wears a red top that stops at the top of her breasts and does not include anything on her shoulders. 

Looking further down, she wears a short black skirt that’s split along the sides for ease of movement. Her boots look like they’re likely meant for long trips rather than comfort, judging by the leather reinforcements around the ankle and heel. I found myself noticing the depths in her violet eyes that seemed to cast a radiance not unlike the moon at night. Her hair was like a garden of lilacs mixed with silver and it was just long enough to lightly graze her shoulders when she turned her head. Just like me, she had feline ears and a tail, although hers were all ashen silver.

I took a moment to stand over the lake once more and really take in my reflection. I was definitely a couple inches shorter than Stella, but I had a lot more muscle. It looked like my whole frame was broader, not just more muscular. Looking at my face, I found that I had more plump lips than I had realized, along with a nose that sat broader than I thought it did. My eyes were what really surprised me. I can’t say I expected to see such a deep gold shining back at me on the water’s surface. 

My jetblack hair, hacked by the battleaxe that struck me in the back, ran down to the bottoms of my shoulder blades. My ears were also covered in black, although just like my tail, they had red tips to them. My skin was an almond color, just like Stella’s was, although I noticed a scar across my cheek that seemed to have a slightly lighter color to it. It offered no pain or tenderness to the touch… Must be from before I lost my memory. I’ll have to ask Stella about that scar whenever I have a good moment.

Seeing that Stella had gotten up from her little resting session and had joined me in looking at my face, I just giggled and asked her if she was ready to keep moving. With a quick positive answer from Stella, we set out again for the human village to the east. As we walked further, we reached a different part of the forest that seemed to make Stella uneasy, although she couldn’t explain what it was that was making her uneasy. We opted to simply keep moving and not worry about it, but apparently the world had decided that was in fact not the right answer. The same human from earlier jumped down from a tree, slinging his arms around several lower branches to slow his fall before his feet struck the ground. I watched the way his knees, ankles and hips all bent as one to soak up the momentum of his fall… He had done this before. He must be at home in the forest.

“A caster with a broken staff and a combo stacker with no weapon. Oh, how the world smiles upon me today!” The human spoke in an arrogant tone, but it wasn’t his tone that made my ears lay flat against my head… It was the way he looked at us like we were prey he could take his time with because we weren’t worth the effort of a proper fight. My body had gone cold with fear. I couldn’t even look over at Stella, but I could hear her whispering something to herself. Suddenly, a warmth came over me and I was free to move again. I watched the man’s eyes grow darker, more serious, and the coldness returned, but it was only brief before the warmth won out once again.

“Okay… Maybe an enchanter…” The man said to himself… “To be able to break my visual spell without a proper wand or staff… You’ll fetch a pretty penny for sure”

“Roxy, don’t!” Stella called out, but it was too late to tell them not to attack. The man had already started putting together some sort of explosive spell. All I knew was that I had to reach him and knock him back before he could finish it. I felt my powerful legs kick off and the distance between us began to disappear, leading to his arrogance turning into a more serious look as I pulled my arm back for a punch right to the face. Finally, just close enough to deliver the blow, I managed a clean hit to his cheek but was blocked by some kind of strange barrier. I watched a sort of membrane effect briefly become visible before he shouted something about a flare burst and then… Then everything was very hot. I looked down and saw that my entire body was wrapped in flame, but somehow it didn’t feel like I was really in any pain. I slashed my arms around in an attempt to push the flames off of me, but they just popped back up as soon as my hand was no longer smothering them.

The next thing I tried was to roll on the ground, but all that accomplished was setting the ground on fire. Now that I’d been burning for probably almost a minute at this point, it was actually getting really hot and starting to actually hurt. I don’t know what told me to do this, but my next move was to put my hands together and draw in a long breath. Something in my soul told me I was doing it right, although what it was that I was trying to do wasn’t clear to me. I felt an eerie stillness come over my body as if I was the only person standing still in a world where time never stopped flying by. Next thing I know, the flames just… Went out… As if some invisible force had smothered them… I looked at my body, expecting to see deep burns and ruined skin, but what I found was only some redness here and there… Looks like I somehow got out of that relatively unscathed.

With the flames gone, I could finally see more than just a few inches ahead of me… I was alone here. The man and Stella were both gone. I just met someone who apparently is family, and now… I was all alone again. I will never be able to describe what that feeling did to me. I felt a deeply important need, a deep calling, an urge to destroy everything that I simply could not ignore, and yet, something told me not to do that. I couldn’t put my finger on it, but the moment I felt like I had the vaguest idea of how to grab onto my power with my own two hands, I felt it stare back at me with such sinister, unending hunger. I knew that if I undid this separation or seal or whatever it was, I would completely lose whatever little bit of myself I had gotten back since waking up in the labyrinth.

The next thing I knew, I was waking up on a bed of leaves next to a small fire contained in a circle of stones. I looked to my left and saw the forest as darkness took its hold past the fire’s light, then I looked to my right and saw… For a moment, I wasn’t sure if I was looking at Stella wearing some kind of strange costume, but after I shook that idea out of my head, it was clear that I was looking at yet another member of my species. They were younger than Stella and myself, yet they had such a clear focus to them. It was strange… The longer I looked at this figure I’d never seen before, the more I felt like I knew them…

“Finally awake over there?” The figure called to me, turning and giving me a look at their face. They had a wide nose and a square jaw that was remarkably well developed for their young age. Their eyes were a golden brown that I somehow felt was familiar, although I couldn’t remember why it felt like I knew this person. Their hair was a dark brown, cut short and pushed to one side although it was clearly protesting the idea of having any kind of directional style… Their ears flicked as a few leaves moved in the distance and I found myself entranced by those burnt brown ears with fiery crimson tips. 

For a brief moment, I remembered looking at my reflection in the water and noticing the red tips to my ears, although I don’t think mine were such a fiery crimson as the person sharing the fire’s warmth with me. I found myself in the same sort of ‘I should know this person’ train of thought as I looked at their muscular body, those hands that had clearly done much more work than mine, and the way they didn’t seem to mind the heat of the fire as I watch them not even bother to use a stick to knock over a log inside the small fire, allowing the flames to breathe more easily.

“I… Yes, I am… I’m sorry but, do I know you?” I didn’t want to be rude, but I had to ask. The feeling was just too strong.”

“Completely wiped, huh?” Their eyes scanned my entire body as their curious worry was on full display across their entire face. “So tell me, how much is left this time?”

“I’m sorry? I’m afraid I don’t understand the question.”

“I’m asking how much of you is still there. Do you remember your name, your abilities, or who your friends and family are?”

“I’m sorry…” I said quietly, noticing my throat had become heavy all of a sudden.

“It’s okay, it’s okay” They repeated as they stood up and walked over to me, placing a hand on my shoulder as they knelt down in front of me, lifting their hand and wiping the half formed tears from my eyes. “My name is Oscar. I’m your older brother.”

“My… older brother…” I said out loud, more just wanting to hear the words from my own mouth than anything else. I didn’t know I had family aside from Stella.”

I saw a sudden seriousness in his face as he looked deep into my eyes and asked if I knew where Stella was right now. I had to tell him the truth… I was unable to protect her and got caught up in a fiery magic attack. By the time I realized how to break out of it, the humans had taken Stella and I was left all alone again. I did tell him that Stella had called them by Roxy as she yelled at them to not attack, which seemed to put a disappointed look on my brother’s face.

“How to tell you this…” He whispered, closing his eyes and letting his head hang slightly while he pinched the bridge of his nose. After a moment, he lifted his back up and looked me directly in the eyes. I felt as if he was doing more than just looking at me… As if he was pressing some kind of weight upon me… “You’re the one she was telling not to attack. She was trying to keep the two of you from getting separated.”

“So then…” I said, not realizing the words were falling out of my mouth as my mind put it all together far too late to do anything with the information… “Roxy is MY NAME…”

“Yes, it is. You’re the catsii flame empress, Roxella Vermillian. Tell me, do you remember anything about your power?”

“No, not really… I’ve noticed I can sort of… How to say this… I can tank hard blows and deal them back, but if I don’t strike back immediately, the power leaves me and I don’t end up hitting hard enough to do anything. I’ve also been attacked by fire, and while it was really hot, I can’t say it actually hurt despite being engulfed for over a minute straight.”

“Okay, okay…” He muttered to himself, placing a hand to his chin. “It seems the fundamentals are still there at least… What to do next…”

“Do you have any special abilities? I know Stella knows illusions and she can break through certain barriers, but that’s all I really got to see before we got separated… She’s hurt somehow, and that seems to really limit her abilities.”

“Yeah, I know… To think it would be the immovable fortress that ended up cracking. Kind of ironic in the worst way. To put it simply, Stella can use both positive and negative energies, meaning she can cast almost any spell you can think of, although she aligns the closest with barrier magic, so making barriers and tearing them down have always been her specialty.” He paused for a moment as the fire reflected in his eyes while they searched the forest for something… “As for illusionary magic… That’s not one of her specialties… If she’s intentionally using her natural opposite, despite knowing the fundamental mismatch there… She must have some kind of plan… For now, I would say we should roll with it.”

“Fundamental mismatch” I said quietly to myself, trying to understand what my bro was trying to tell me…

“Yeah. Stella does best with concrete theories, moving magic energy from one place to another, creating or destroying rigid barriers, freezing or thawing water, that kind of stuff… Illusions are the opposite, they require fine control over many different energies at once, and for someone like Stella, that’s a lot to ask of a soul shaped the way hers is.”

“So that’s how she cracked her soul…” I whispered to myself, not realizing I said it out loud…

“SHE DID WHAT?!” Oscar shot up so fast you’d think he teleported from a kneeling position to a standing position. “How was she when you last saw her?!”

“Well, she didn’t tell me much, but I could tell that she was hiding a lot. She’s able to cast spells and dispel barriers, although when she broke the barrier in the labyrinth, I could feel that her energy was unstable for a moment.”

“Okay… I mean, that’s a lot but… Okay…” He stepped back a little, putting a hand to his forehead as if lightheaded or something… It all happened so fast… He stepped back and tripped over the stone ring around the fire, falling backwards into the flames. I was already standing and rushing towards him in sheer panic when I realized it… The flames had gone out the moment he fell into them… The heat had gone away so completely, I doubted the logs were even hot anymore.

“Sorry, I guess I just got caught up in my own thoughts there.” He said, picking himself up and stepping out of the ring of stones that had contained the fire that was just burning. He seemed to be playing with the logs, moving them around here and there as if looking for some perfect way to arrange them. “I’ve always looked up to Stella as a role model and a hero. After all, it’s not every day you get to meet someone with such dense power. I’ve known a few mana kittens over the years, but I’ve never met anyone with such dense power as what Stella has, and from what you’ve told me, it seems like she’s intentionally not using the majority of her power.”

“Seems like you’ve got the idea that she’s planning something big… I hope us getting separated doesn’t ruin her plan…”

“I doubt it. She’s smarter than she lets on. After all, her time with us is limited, and when she does move on, I get the feeling she’ll only get stronger.”

“Her time is limited? Is she sick or something?”

“Wow…” Oscar at this point had finished rearranging the logs and snapped his fingers, bringing the flames back and getting the fire going again. “You really don’t remember…”

“No, I don’t… That’s why I’ve been so frustrated… I feel so useless compared to everyone around me… I just want to be able to do something good for the people around me.”

“Well, when it comes to Stella, the best thing to do is actually what you’ve been doing. Support her as a person, and stay out of her way when things get dicey. Now to answer your question” Oscar leaned closer to the fire, looking right at me across the tips of the flames. “She’s not sick, she’s just… Different. You know the phrase ‘a candle that burns twice as hot burns half as long’?”

“I can’t say I’ve heard that before…” I said, taking a moment to look through what little I could remember.

“To make it simple, it means that if you want more light out of a candle, it won’t last as long because you’re using it up faster. It’s the same thing with people like Stella. They have such a strong affinity for magic that their power becomes dense and fierce. Stella may not be a mana kitten, but she is a magiglower. There’s more power in her soul than her body knows what to do with, and as a result, it’s always finding ways to leak out of her. Her body always looks more pale than ours because her power resembles a violet moon.

It’s the same with her hair and her ears, they take on the color of her power because her body has nowhere to put all that excess energy. Some nights, I swear I can see a light in her eyes… I imagine it’s the same thing, just on a bigger scale. So yeah, she’s powerful alright, but it’s important that she doesn’t use it all at once. There’s no way her body could ever keep up with that kind of raw power.” Oscar paused his explanation here and moved a few of the rocks. I could see steam come from his skin, yet he didn’t react in pain, and when he was done, I could clearly see that he wasn’t burnt at all.

Seemingly satisfied with his arrangement of the stones, he continued his story. “It would be like if one of us tried to challenge a dragon. We’re not just talking about the difference between magic casting styles between catsii and dragons, we’re talking about the kind of raw power that we just can’t compete with. If she takes it easy, she’s at least got a chance of living to around forty or so, but if she gets wreckless, she can put so much strain on her body that she’ll burn herself out and shatter.”

“Shatter…” I said to myself… Well, if that had already fallen out of my mouth, I guess I may as well continue with that thought… “I’ve known since I sensed her soul that a crack meant it could eventually shatter, but I can’t say I really know what a soul shattering would really mean.”

“It means she would return to the energy from which we all were created.” Oscar said, taking a moment to move another stone just a little bit.

“So it’s like dying?”

“Well, in a way, but I wouldn’t say it’s the same concept. More like, the energies that came together when we took form will scatter once more. It’s only natural that once the energy of life is extinguished, all of its components would return to the world around it.”

“So… Do we have the same thing? Should I be worried about using my full power as well?”

“No. We’re definitely strong, but I wouldn’t say either of us are anywhere near that level.”

“I’m not sure… When I saw Stella had been taken, there was a moment when I tried to draw out my power by force… What I felt was so overwhelming, it felt like a whole other presence… Such a violent hunger… I only stopped because I felt as if it would consume me as well…”

I noticed that Oscar had been really paying attention when I said those last couple sentences. It seemed I had his attention.

“Look, Roxy. We both align with the fire element, but that doesn’t mean we should surrender to the flames. There’s a very important difference between the light of fire and the flames that consume everything in their path. Do me a favor and never do that again. If I lost you to the flames as well… I don’t… I don’t know what I’d do…” His eyes seemed to hold an old sadness, although he didn’t let it show on his face as he continued to mess with the stones around the fire.”

“We align with the fire element…” I said to nobody in particular, taking a moment to simply watch the dance of the fire in front of me. “Is that why I didn’t get seriously burnt by the man’s fire magic?”

“Yes. As a flame empress, you’re highly resistant to fire to the point that you’re pretty much immune to it, but that doesn’t mean you can be careless.” Oscar stood up to his full height, walked to a tree, and pulled a dead leaf off the end of one of the lower branches. He rolled it into a tight ball and threw it towards me, snapping his fingers once I caught it and it burst into flames in my hands.

“It’s not… Hot…” I said, amazed at what was happening. I can’t describe how excited I was to know that someone other than me had at least some understanding of my power and maybe my purpose as well. I wanted to learn more about what a flame empress was and what that meant for all of us.

“Of course it’s not. It’s just fire.” The way he said this, it was as if this concept was as simple as grass being green or the sun being bright… Somehow, I already knew he was right before I even had the chance to think about it.

“It’s like a little life in my hands” I said, while my mind began to wander elsewhere.

“Exactly right. Fire is much more than just burning things. Fire can exist without heat, just as heat can exist without fire.”

“Fire without heat…” I looked at the little campfire once again, my eyes seeming to make sense of the dance of the flames. “Is that how you put out the campfire earlier? It looked to me like the logs weren’t even hot anymore until you lit the fire back up a moment later.”

“Well, that’s similar. Fire is a living force of will, just like ourselves. My fire is a part of me. It could never hurt me unless I truly lost my mind.”

“So then, this fire in my hands is your fire?”

“I used my fire to light it, but you’re the one that’s been keeping it going.”

“What? I have fire too?” I suddenly found myself very curious about the small fire in my hands. Did it feel alive because it was my fire, or because I briefly connected to him when he first lit it for me?

“Just a little fire. It’s like a child of your soul. Nothing to be afraid of.”

“So then…” I moved my hands a little bit and the shape of the fire changed ever so slightly, becoming wider and shorter while still feeling familiar and alive. “The hunger deep down there, is not this fire?”

“That is not fire, no. What you’re talking about is a flame.” Oscar took a moment to break a branch off a tree just beside him and held it over the campfire until the tip of the branch caught fire. “This is fire” He said as he put his finger to the tip of the branch and touched where it was burning. “See? It’s not even hot.”

“So then flames… Are like an out of control fire?”

“Fire and flames are two different things. Fire is alive.” Oscar took a bit of the fire from the end of the branch and let it catch his hand on fire. “I’m alive too, and I’m aligned to the fire element, so touching fire is like touching more of myself. Fire can never hurt me.”

I noticed Oscar was repositioning himself so his feet were more planted as he took a wide stance and locked his joints into a defensive position before he threw the lit branch into the campfire. For just a moment, I saw what I thought was a smile within the shadows of the stones around the base of the campfire. That really gave me goosebumps, but I didn’t have time to really go any deeper into that thought before the shockwave knocked me back. My view had changed from the campfire to the sky above us and I noticed I was on my back. I could see lots of hot embers floating up in the heavy smoke as I began to pick myself up and take a look at where the campfire had just been. I was expecting to see nothing but a big hole that had been blown into the ground… But the campfire was still burning steadily as if nothing had happened.

“Oscar?” I began looking all around, but there was no sign of the man that had just been standing before me.

“Right here” I heard from behind me, and turned to see him standing there, still picking a few embers from his arms.

“HUH?! How did it burn you? I thought you said fire can’t burn you?”

“Okay one question at a time” He said calmly, as if he didn’t just get some of the skin on his arms charred to a crisp. “Those were flames. The difference is important. Flames do not have a will or a life like fire does. They hunger for fuel, oxygen, and heat, and keep going until they’ve consumed all in their path. I gave that branch the light of fire right as I tossed it in the campfire so it could feast off the campfire’s heat.”

“But if flames don’t have a will or a life, why did they have such a sinister smile?”

“A… Smile?” Oscar seemed genuinely stumped by my question. First time I’d managed that so far…

“Yeah, in the shadows of the stones around the campfire, I saw a smile… It was just the outlines eyes and a mouth and it looked like it was planning something nasty, but it was definitely a smile.” I got up and pointed at the space where the ring of stones met the ground around the campfire. “It was right here”

“I’ve never seen anything like that…” Oscar put a hand to his chin and took a look at the ground where I had pointed, seeming to give up after examining it from multiple angles. “Do you still see the face?”

“No. It was really quick and then it was gone right before I got thrown back.”

Oscar once again stared at the spot I had pointed to, then began pacing to the far side of the campfire. “So you were standing there, and you saw the face in the shadow right in front of you?”

“Yeah. It was bright red, but it was so quick I can’t say I got a good look at it”

“And I was standing right here, on the exact opposite side of the fire.” Oscar picked up another branch and tossed it into the fire. It went right through the fire’s dancing tips and landed right in the shadow of the ring of stones. “And that’s where you saw the face?”

“Y-yeah. Right where the stick landed.”

“Well, I can’t say I’ve ever seen it myself, but I think you saw an ember’s shadow.”

“But embers can’t have shadows… They’re made of light and fire, aren’t they?”

“Well, yes, physically, they are made of light and fire…” Oscar came to the same side of the fire as me and picked up the branch. “How many branches as I holding right now?”

“Just one.”

“And what happened to the other one?”

“I… I guess it was consumed by the flames?”

“And where would it have landed if it wasn’t consumed?”

“Right… Right where you picked up the branch you’re holding now?”

“So if something ate the first branch for dinner, what would happen to the spot the branch should have landed on?”

“Nothing. It never got hit by the branch.”

Oscar put his fingers to the bridge of his nose and sighed before he pointed at the spot on the ground once again. “Every force has an equal and opposite force. Nothing exists without some kind of balance, no matter how strange it may seem to our eyes.”

“Well, yeah, that’s common sense.”

“So if something stopped the branch, where would that opposing force have gone?”

Looking at the spot on the ground, I was beginning to put together what he was trying to explain to me. It’s so simple, I honestly have no idea how I didn’t already know something like this. “To stop the branch from reaching its destination, I guess it would have had to come from the branch’s original destination, which would be the spot on the ground where the branch would have landed if it hadn’t been consumed.”

“That’s right. You saw the activation of magic, or rather its opposing shadow. You saw the secondary reaction that balanced out the force of the flames that consumed the branch I threw into the fire.”

“So then what was the explosion?”

“Well I was trying to show you the difference between fire and flames, but honestly, I don’t remember what I was going to say to complete that lesson.”

“But didn’t we still learn something?”

“I guess… More like someone found some common sense.”

“I suppose” I chucked to myself as I said this, just now realizing that Oscar’s burns had already faded. “You can heal yourself?”

“No, I can’t. However, my body can reject damage from things that I’m aligned with. Fire can never hurt me, so it’s only natural that flames can’t leave a permanent scar on me.”

*012*2026-04-08 00:25

{{2 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Nice story so far but where's the omo?

}}

Coming up soon

