Dutch story Lotte and the burglars

Author: holding84

*000*2026-03-04 22:23

Lotte actually already had a bad feeling when she put the key in the lock. It was a quarter past eleven at night, the hallway light in the stairwell flickered as always, and there was a faint smell of wet coats and cigarettes that wasn't normally there. Still, she opened the door.

Only when the door slammed shut behind her did she hear it: the soft scraping of a shoe on laminate flooring, somewhere in the living room.

Before she could turn around, an arm was already around her throat and a hand with a stinking work glove was over her mouth. Her backpack fell to the ground with a dull thud. She kicked, but only hit air. A second person – smaller, more nervous – came from the side and grabbed her wrists.

“Shhh. Don't scream. That will make things unpleasant.” She was pulled into the living room, half carried, half dragged. Her knees buckled. Things were already laid out on the dining table: duct tape, a roll of rope from the cellar cupboard, a few plastic zip ties. They had clearly looked around here before.

Within three minutes, she was sitting on one of the dining chairs. Her wrists were taped behind the backrest, her ankles tied to the front legs, and a wide strip of tape across her mouth. They had even taken off her glasses and placed them on the table, making everything blurry.

The tall man—the one with the low voice—crouched down in front of her.

“We are going to pack your things. You stay here, you’ll sit nicely. If you make a racket or try to get free, someone will come back who is less patient than I am. Understood?”

Lotte nodded quickly; tears were already running down her cheeks.

She heard them walking through the house. Drawers opening and closing, her laptop being slammed shut, the jingling of jewelry from the tray on her nightstand. Every now and then a soft curse, laughter, a bottle being opened—her own wine stash.

The minutes crawled by.

After half an hour, her bladder really started acting up.

That afternoon, she had gone to drink a lot of water and two large teas while cramming for the exam in the university library. At home, she had quickly gulped down a glass of lukewarm tap water. Normally, she would have gone to the toilet long ago. Now she was stuck to a chair, legs pressed tightly together, and she felt the pressure increasing with every heartbeat.

She tried to wriggle, but the tape held everything tight. Every movement only made it worse.

After an hour or two—she couldn't remember exactly—she heard them coming back into the living room. They had garbage bags with them, stuffed full.

“Shit, check her phone. The PIN code is probably on her fingerprint.”

She tilted her head, trying to beg with her eyes. The short man just laughed.

“She really needs to go, doesn't she?” he said to his mate. “Look how she’s wiggling.”

The tall man shrugged. “Let her be. We’re almost done anyway.”

They left again. This time she didn’t hear the front door slam shut. They were probably still sorting things in the hallway.

The pain in her lower abdomen became unbearable. She squeezed shut everything she could. Her thighs trembled. She felt the first warm drops escape, just a little bit, barely enough to darken the fabric of her sweatpants. She squeezed harder, gasped for breath through her nose, but it didn’t help anymore.

She heard footsteps on the landing. Voices. They were back.

“One more thing,” said the tall man as he re-entered the living room. “The code for the safe under the bed. Just say it with your eyes when we pull off the tape.”

She nodded wildly. Anything to get this over with as quickly as possible.

He pulled the tape off her mouth. It hurt, but she didn't care anymore.

“Please,” she whispered immediately, her voice hoarse. “Let me go to the toilet. Please. I can't hold it anymore.”

He looked at her for a moment, almost amused.

“Two more minutes. Then we’ll be gone.”

Two minutes.

She persisted. Another forty seconds, she thought. Another twenty.

Then she heard the jingle of car keys and the word “come.”

They ran into the hallway.

The front door slammed shut.

Silence.

Lotte let out a sob, a half-scream, and then it was too late.

The warm wave came in one long, unstoppable stream. She felt it run down her buttocks, drip onto the seat of the chair, and splatter onto the floor. Her sweatpants soaked in a few seconds. The puddle formed a small pool under the chair legs. She cried silently, head on her chest, while the last drops were still falling.

Only eighteen minutes later did she hear the neighbors come home. Screaming, banging on the door, someone calling her name.

When the police and the neighbors finally untied her, she was still sitting in the same position, soaking wet, broken, trembling.

She never drank another drop of tea before going to bed.

And she never used that one dining chair again.
