Cass & Lex go to the Piss Class

Author: undercoverpeer

*000*2026-03-18 18:44

At first glance, it looked like every other sign-up sheet on a bulletin board stuffed with sign-up sheets.

What caused Cassie to take a second glance was the "FUKC" written in large letters at the top of the page. It was either the work of an unimaginiative vandal with poor spelling, or something else. She took a closer look.

It apparently stood for "Fraser University Kink Class." She understood the Fraser University part - she was standing in the main lobby of the student services building at Fraser University. She wasn't sure what to make of the "Kink Class" part.

She knew what a kink was, sure - but it was the specific kink they were going to be discussing at the 'class' later that night that had her attention: "Exploring the Wet and Wild World of Pee."

Memories began rushing through Cass's mind, moments and feelings from the past that she had unknowingly pushed away: peeing through her bathing suit at the beach as a kid, even with the public toilets nearby. Wetting her shorts on the field while playing soccer in high school, because it was raining, and who would notice? And that night just a few weeks ago, when she wet herself while dreaming - she woke up in a puddle in her bed, with a warm stream still flowing out of her soaked panties, on the verge of an orgasm.

Those feelings had always left her confused; she was hesitant to say she enjoyed it because the enjoyment was mixed with shame and embarrassment. Was it normal to enjoy...peeing yourself? Whether she would admit it or not, those memories excited her, and she knew she was inevitably going to end up in that class.

The good news was that the class was tomorrow.

The bad news was that the class was tomorrow.

Cassie wasn't sure she could wait - ever since reading the poster, she knew wetting herself would be the only thing on her mind. Should she try it again, on purpose? Just to double check that she really did like it? Maybe a trial run before being so bold to attend a class at her school? She decided she would.

"I can't just show up to a class like that without knowing for sure that I like it, that would be weird," she said out loud to herself as she walked across the campus and back to her room. "Then again, it's a class about people who are turned on by pee, so maybe I shouldn't be worried about what's weird right now."

"What did you say, babe?"

Cassie jumped out of her skin. She hadn't even seen her best friend Lex walking towards her.

"Geez, you scared me, Lex," Cass said, hoping her friend hadn't heard her babbling about pee.

"I feel like that's your fault not, not mine - you weren't even watching where you were going! What are you so deep in thought about?"

Cassie felt her face go flush. She hadn't been caught doing anything embarrasing, but it sure felt that way.

"Uh, what? No, nothing. I didn't."

Lex gave her a puzzled look. "Yeah, that was really convincing. You are clearly fine and not at all hiding anything from me."

Shit. Lex always knew when Cassie was lying. How was she going to get out of this? She couldn't tell her best friend that she was going back to her room to pee her pants on purpose - just to see if it turned her on, so she could attend some weird sex class. Who the hell does that?!

"CASS. DOLL. Where are you?"

"Oh, I just have to, uh, pee. Nothing big, just really desperate to get back to the room."

Lex was unconvinced. "Mhmm. You passed two different washrooms on your way back. What's REALLY going? You can tell me! When have I ever blabbed a secret?"

Annoyingly, Lex was right. She had been an incredible and supportive friend for years, going back to middle school. They were opposites in a lot of ways, but rarely did you see one without the other.

Cass had always been the 'girl next door' - typical height and body shape, shoulder length blondish brown hair; she was cute, and never had any issue attracting boys - but she had decided she was "normal."

She was a jeans and t-shirt girl, nothing super distinctive about her. Most would disagree with her assesment, but it's how she felt.

Lex, on the other hand, had jet black hair with some faint pink streaks in it, currently styled into some kind of bob with an emo flair. She wore lots of make up and had a decent display of traditional tattoos up and down both of her arms. She was also a runner, which surprised many people, and had a nicely toned body hiding under her always creative wardrobe.. Today she wore a short black skirt with knee high white socks, and a her newest favorite band shirt. Nobody would have put them together as friends, but they'd been inseparable for almost 10 years.

"Ok, fine, but only because I know you'll just eventually bug me enough that I'll give in anyway," Cass said with fake annoyance in her voice.

They had arrived at their building and started walking up the steps to the second floor. Cass was room 201, Lex was 202. Even thought they were literal hallway neighbours, they often took advantage of Cass's queen bed and had sleepovers.

Lex followed her friend into the dorm room with a laugh, "OK, so tell me what's up."

Cass dropped her backpack on the floor and looked at her friend, nervous about what she was about to say. Would this change things between them? Would Lex be weirded out? Would this moment impact their relationship from this day forward--

"CASS, come on, what's HAPPENING?"

"Ok, fine. But don't laugh. Or at least don't tell anyone. I don't even know how to say this, or what it means. But - I saw a poster for that F-U-K-C class thing.

"

"Like the fetish group? That's hot. I went to that a couple months ago to try sitting on cakes. It was fun. I wiped icing off my panties and licked it off my finger and the kid next to me came in his pants."

Cass stared at her friend. "Um, what?"

"Well, he had to adjust his junk after watching me, and then he made a quick exit from the classroom. So you do the math."

Cass exhaled. "Right. Well. Maybe this won't sound so weird, then. I...the class tomorrow is about...it's about pee. And I think, like, wetting yourself. I know, I know, it's weird."

Lex was uncharacteristically quiet. "Uh, no. No, it's not. It's super normal. Right? Yeah."

"What the hell kind of a reaction is that! You think it's weird! YOU sat on cake and you think I'm weird! I knew it." Cass started to spiral.

"Babe, listen. Listen," said Lex, putting her hands on Cass's shoulders and trying to calm her down. "I'm only reacting this way because... Because I also like wetting myself. I've never told you before now because it seemed so odd. But, I do. I have for years. I already signed up for the class. I never said anything...I'm sorry."

There was a brief pause between them; outside, cars honked on the street and students were laughing in the distance. But inside, both girls were having a quiet moment of realization.

"Um, for real? SERIOUSLY? You're not just saying that to make me feel better?" said Cass, trying to hide the surprise (and excitement

) in her voice.

"For REAL real. I've been wetting my panties for years. Just last year I peed myself every morning before I showered. Mom would get so mad. I just told her I had accidents. She legit sent me to college with a waterproof mattress cover because she was worried about it!" Lex burst out laughing trying to finish her sentence. "But I just did it on purpose. I don't even know why, it just feels...so good. So naughty. I can't explain it."

"Ok, well, if we're confessing - I wet myself in a dream a while ago and woke up, still peeing myself. And instead of stopping it, I kept it going, and made a huge puddle. I was soaked. And I basically, well..."

"Had an orgasm? Yeah, been there..." Lex was acting surprisingly cool about the whole thing. Cass could hardly believe what was happening.

"So, yeah. That's it. I was going to come back to my room and pee my pants, just to see if I really liked it, before going to the class tomorrow. It sounds crazy, I know..."

"No way, it sounds awesome. I love that you told me! Listen, we both love this, we could have FUN together!" Lex hugged Cass - a little too tightly.

"Um, are you hugging me so tight because you're trying to squeeze the pee out of me?" Cass asked playfully.

"No, I am just very happy," said Lex, still squeezing her friend. "But now that you mention it -- does this make it worse?" She squeezed even tighter and Cassie yelped.

"Lex! Stop!" But it was too late.

All the talk about wetting, and the excitement of the shared secrets - mixed with Lex squeezing her - and Cass quickly felt her bladder release as pee began flowing into her panties. The warmth was surprising but felt amazing. She let out an accidental, "Ohh..."

And allowed her body to fully relax.

Lex stepped back and watched in amazement as her friend's jeans began to glisten, a wet patch forming over her crotch and starting to spread down her thighs.

"

Shit, girl, you were not kidding about needing to pee."

Cassie couldn't even say anything. She just let the pee flow into her pants and down her legs. Her thighs were soaked in a matter of seconds, and a puddle was forming beneath her sock feet. She broke free from her stupor and looked down.

"Holy..." Cass said, as she examined her dripping pants. Without thinking, she put her hand on her crotch and felt the pee flow out of her pants and through her fingers. She held her hand up and watched the liquid drip off her fingers. "Uh, I think I like it," she laughed.

Even Lex was speechless at the sight. She was equal parts jealous and turned on by her best friend peeing her pants right in front of her. The shiny denim, the slight hissing sound of the pee streaming into the jeans, the puddle that was growing in size on the floor.

Without thinking, Lex separated her legs slightly. "Oh god..." she said with a whisper. She felt her pee instantly soak the front of her panties, but without any pants to flow into, her pee began to hit the floor with a splash. A couple of streams began to flow down her bare legs, soaking her white knee high socks on the way down.

Cass stared. Was her friend really doing this right now? And did she...love it? She had always considered herself to be straight - no questions. But the sight of her friend soaking her panties on purpose, with her socks and legs getting wetter with every second - it had her throbbing through her own wet panties. What was happening?

Lex lifted her skirt up. "It's more fun to be able to see it," and she revelaed a pair of white cotton panties, soaked almost up to their waistband. The wet fabric was basically transparent, and Lex's trimmed bush was visible through her panties. Her pee stream was starting to slow down when, to her surprise, Cass's hand found its way just beneath Lex's dripping underwear.

"It's so warm," Cass giggled, letting the final drops of liquid stream over her fingers. She looked at her hand, wet with her friend's urine, with a mixture of arousal and amazement. "I just touched your pee, what the hell is going on?" she laughed.

Lex - who had always considered herself bi-curious - felt her heart beating through her chest. "You should touch ME next. You know, just to see if you like it. For the, uh, class." She was still holding her skirt up so Cass had a clear view of her dripping wet panties.

Cass smiled. "Um...ok..." She brought her already damp hand down towards Lex's panties and patted the dark patch. It gave a wet squishy sound. "It's still kind of warm," said Cass, who pressed down on Lex's crotch and began rubbing the lips that were now very obvious through the tight wet panties.

Lex felt a moan escape from her mouth as her best friend rubbed her pussy. She couldn't believe what was happening, but also didn't care. It felt incredible, and she wasn't going to put a stop to it.

Without noticing, Cass began rubbing her own crotch through her wet jeans, while her other hand kept exporing and rubbing Lex's wetness. Lex reached over and said, "Let me help," and she began unbutton her friend's jeans. She pulled down the wet denim, past Cass's knees, and her blue panties were on fully display. The dark wet patch covered the bottom half of the cotton briefs and Lex felt herself get even wetter at the sight.

She began to rub Cass's wet panties, which the wetness had actually made a little loose with the soggy fabric. Lex slipped a finger under the loose wet fabric and into her friend's wet pussy. Cass gasped and said, "Ohgodyes..." and put her hand overtop of Lex's to rub even faster. She came almost instantly, and felt another wet stream jet into her panties. She had never squirted before, and felt her whole body vibrate for a few seconds.

Lex immediately began rubbing herself with her other free hand; the sensation of Cass's liquid pouring over her fingers had her on the verge of her own orgasm, and she quickly felt the wave of relief come over her body.

They both stood there in the aftermath, examining the situation. Two friends, wearing pee soaked panties, standing in a large puddle, both recovering from orgasms they had given to each other.

Cass broke the silence. "So, uh, that was ok." She lifted a sopping wet sock out of the puddle and watched it drip onto the floor. "But I have a feeling I'm going to start doing more laundry than usual."

Lex gave the front of her wet panties a gentle pat. "Yeah, I think you're probably right," and lifted her own wet sock out of the puddle. "And mopping. More mopping."

"I think I actually have a mop in my closet. Never been used. So many firsts today," said Casie with a laugh. "Maybe the class will offer some cleaning tips."

End of Part 1

&&

