Best friend peed herself twice in my new car

Author: DanielWhy99

*000*2025-10-31 07:47

Hey all!

Long time lurker first time poster. This happened few weeks ago and while this whole story is for the most part real, I did change a few things here and there. That’s why i’m posting it under fiction. Just know that other than a few things here and there, this whole story did really happen to me.

PS. i’m fried rn typing this so excuse any mistakes.

It all started when i texted my girl best friend, let’s call her Rachel for anonymity, that I had just bought my first car. We’re both 23 and finally have our grown up jobs so I’d been looking for a car for a while, and she knew this. For visualization sake i bought about a 10 year old SUV with grey leather seats. I won’t say what car in case anyone i know stumbles on this. Anyways we text back and forth a bit before she says “why don’t you come pick me up and we can take it for a spin” i say sure and grab my keys and some weed before heading over to her place.

I text her that i’m outside and she comes out in her usual late night outfit on, some light grey sweatpants she wears as pajamas and a slightly over sized band T she had cut to be a crop top. her dark brown hair was down as usual. I always had a small crush on her cause she is gorgeous, but we’d been friends so long i kind of had no interest in trying to date her. Anyways we take a little drive around my area which is kind of an outskirts country town just outside of the suburb she lived in. We would always hang out here cause there were never any cops around, so we could smoke in her car without any issues. Tonight was no different. we pulled up to our usual spot and rolled up a couple blunts. We get to smoking and talking and i show off the car a little.

It’s important a lay a few things out for you. When Rachel laughs to hard, some times she pees a little. This is always amplified when she smokes. Now up until this point she had only had a few MAJOR accidents, and never any on our drives or really ever outside one of your houses. That being said while we’re smoking she tells me “hey, I gotta pee, wanna head into town to the dunkin so i can pee real quick”. I replied “yea no worries” and started driving. the drive is about 15 mins back to town, and we’re both toasted at this point, so we’re giggling up a storm. I don’t really remember what we said to kick start this whole thing but here’s how this all went down

We’re both laughing our asses off, and in between her laughs as she’s trying to catch her breath. I hear her say “stop… stop… I’m gonna pee.. stoppp” I look over still dying laugh, now with my interest peaked. She continues “i’m gonna pee myself, stopppp… i’m serious dude”. In between my laughs i somehow get out “don’t piss in my new car dude” and at this point i start to slow down and pull over, cause usually when it’s get this point she’s gonna pee herself a little almost guaranteed. before i can even come to a full stop, she rams her hand into her crotch and starts laughing even harder, screaming “IM GONNA PEE. IM PEEING… IM FUCKING PEEING”. 

As she says this i look down to see her crotch start to glisten under the few street lights around. I come to a full stop and she slams the door open and falls out of my car. “Dude are you pissing rn” i asked her still dying laughing. i look over and see her half crouching with her ass pointed at me, piss literally exploding out of her, turning her light grey sweats a now almost black around her ass and down her legs, and almost immediately she yanks her pants down, leaving just her light pink panties now almost fully dark red up to about half way up her ass. she looks back at me, laughing less but still cackling.

“IM PEEING MYSELF I CANT STOP… HELP IM PISSING MYSELF” at this point her legs kind of give way and she kind of crumbles onto her legs and continues to laugh and piss directly through her panties, that she made no effort to move out of the way of the oncoming stream of piss. I now put the car in park and run around to her side of the car to get a better shot of the action. As i come around the front end of the car i hear a strong and distinct hissing sound coming from under Rachel’s bum. you see when she collapsed, she fell so her upper left thigh was sitting on her right ankle. Leaving a small gap between her uncontrollably spraying stream and the gravel below, making for the perfect hissing sound. 

You know the one i’m talking about. she continues laughing and pissing for a mother few seconds before the stream starts the come and go in little spurts. she finally stops and looks up at me tears in her eyes from laughing so hard and says “dude I just pissed in my fucking pants. I couldn’t stop you made my laugh to hard you asshole!”. I looked down at her. “you’ve leaked before, but i just watch you fully piss yourself. And in my car non the less.”. I outstretch my hand to help her up and grabs her soaked sweat pants off the ground. “Not fully…” she says with a big smile “i got control in the end there”. we start to walk towards the trunk of the car. “oh good so you just soaked yourself in piss to not even get it all out.” i opened the trunk so she could throw her sweats on my weather proof mat back there. “I’m fine now thanks jackass.” she says giving me a little push.

Now at this point we both realized that because i picked up this car that after noon, there was nothing in it. No paper towel, no napkins, no tissue. Nothing to clean up the puddle of piss in my passengers seat. i walk her over to the passengers side door and assess the damage. Sitting in my brand new leather passenger seat is a small puddle maybe the size a frisbee. “i have nothing to clean that with i say looking into the car” before i can even say anything Rachel immediately just swipes the piss WITH HER ARM. out of the car. why did we not use her sweat pants to wipe up the mess. great question. Did i mention we were high as fuck. anyways, she apologized for pissing in my new car and hoped back in that bitch in her panties, damn near ass to seat directly. i close up the door and hop back in the drivers side. “maybe let’s head back to my place i think” she says kind of laughing. “agreed” i reply.

We get back on the road, and as we cross through this little town between where she wet herself, towards her house, I ask her “Rach do you still want me to stop so you can go pee at dunkin?”. “nah i’m good i think, plus yk” she says waving her hand at her naked legs. “fair enough”i say.

After passing through this town it’s another maybe 15 minutes through some back country roads to get to her suburb. about 5 mins in she kind of mumbles “maybe we shoulda stopped”. “you want me to turn around?” i ask. “nah it’s fine i think i’ll be fine”. I heard what she said, but looking over at her she didnt look like she had much confidence in her words. another 2 minutes goes by. “Okay i really have to pee now i’m sorry” she blurts out. “what? you just peed. I know cause i watched it happen” i say half chuckling. “i know but i didn’t let it all out and now it’s back.” she says kind of nervously. “i think you’ll be fine we’ll be at your place in like 10 minutes” i say, trying to reassure her. “ I don’t think i have 10” she says looking at me a little helplessly. 

I didn’t feel bad at this point cause i know she was probably embarrassed about having an accident right in front of me, but also… “i just asked if you wanted me to stop like 5 minutes ago?”. “ I know, I know, but i didn’t have to go this bad. it just came out of nowhere” she said almost pleading. “Just hold it for a few more minutes” i say looking over at her. “dude i seriously dont think i can” she says moving her hands to between her thighs. “just hurry up” she adds. I give it a little more gas, but then a thought hit. “just go” i blurt out, almost shocked i had said it out loud. She looks at me surprised “what like here?” she says pointing outside. 

“No, like just into the seat.” i correct. “dude. what? no, i’m not gonna ruin your seat” she says half shocked but also what seemed like intrigued. “What difference does it make now? you and the seat are already soaked in your pee. what’s a little more” i say half chuckling. “are you serious?” Rachel asks now sounding almost relieved. “Yea fuck it, what does it matter now” i reply shrugging my shoulders. “umm okay as long as your cool with it” she she says sheepishly. As she says this she takes her hands out of her crotch and opens her legs a little. “your sure this is okay?” she asks on last time looking at me. “It’s fine i promise.” i say reassuringly. she nods and closes her eyes, i assume to focus on letting it flow.

She sits like this for about a minutes before finally i see her start to relax and i hear a faint hiss. “DUDE! DUDE! IM GOING.” she says laughing “It’s coming out.” and with this she stops laughing. I look over and see the wet patch start to climb the crotch of her once light pink panties, and the puddle start to fill the space between her thighs. And with this the hissing sounds gets significantly louder, and significantly stronger. She closes her eyes once again and kind of leans her head forward with this crazy relieved face.

“I’m going. I’m peeing myself right now.” she says half almost moaning. “Are you good Rach?” i asked, focus split between the road, and Rachel’s pussy that was currently spraying piss through the cotton of her panties and into my seat. “It feels sooooo good. sorry, i just had to pee so bad” she says now gripping the door and armrest. “Rach you look like you’re about to cum” i say jokingly, half chuckling.

“UHHHH it feels so good. I had to piss so fucking bad.”. “ It’s still coming out, i can’t stop it” I look over and see her kind of relax again and start to laugh a little. “I… umm.. think i’m done now” she says laughing out load. i look down to see the last little bit seep through her panties in into the puddle she was now sitting in. “umm yea? ya think?” i say teasingly.

After another few minutes of driving and joking around we pull up to her house. this is kind of where the story ends but i will say, when she got up outta that seat, her whole ass was covered in piss as were her thighs and crotch. Pretty much the only part of her panties that were the original color were her hips. she helped me clean up, and i joked about peeing her panties one more time but she said she was empty. With that i walked her inside and drove on home.

This was my first time telling any story anywhere online, i hope you enjoyed. Like i said most of this was a real story with some changes here and there. I hope i didn’t make to many mistakes and you could actually understand it all.

Thanks for reading!

