Daddy’s POV: From The Airport to the Farm

Author: daisyslilworld

*000*2026-03-11 02:59

I saw you before you even spotted me, dragging your bag out of the airport like the flight had completely drained you. Every little sign was there, flushed cheeks, tense shoulders, messy hair, hands fidgeting, eyes heavy. Flying always wore you out, and this time it was obvious. “Over here!” I called, waving. You spotted me and practically collapsed into the Hilux. “Daddy… I hate flying,” you muttered, letting your head fall back against the seat. “I know,” I said softly, smiling. “Rough flight?” “Everything about it,” you groaned. “Planes are awful. My mouth is dry… I can’t even.” You’d been drinking water constantly in the airport, trying to ease your anxiety and I knew that meant trouble for later. 

You pushed your seat back almost all the way, snuggled Rosie your pink comforter, around your shoulders, and hugged Kline your pink Squishmallow, tight against your chest. Before we even left the city, you were half-asleep. “I’m just going to sleep,” you murmured, eyes closing. I smiled. You often fell asleep in the car, but this time, the flight had completely worn you out. After a while, the soft sleep babbles started.“Fairies… Daddy… don’t eat the cupcakes… adventure…” I chuckled quietly. You always muttered nonsense like this on long drives, and it never failed to make me smile, for some reason you often spoke in your sleep when you were really tired and relaxed. Then it happened. A warmth spread across the seat. My stomach sank, and I bit back a groan. Yep. You’d had a big, accident while asleep. Your leggings were absolutely soaked! I silently cursed myself. I should’ve put towels down before the drive knowing how much water you’d had.

But you were deep asleep and trusting me to keep you safe, and that was all that mattered. Even asleep, you kept babbling softly: “Kline… Daddy… don’t crash… Rosie… adventure…”I laughed quietly to myself, keeping my voice low. “It’s fine. No crashing… and we’ll deal with the rest at the farm,” I whispered. The rest of the drive was quiet except for your little murmurs. You shifted occasionally, still hugging Kline and tucking Rosie closer, babbling about fairies and adventures as you slept. I reached over a few times to stroke your arm and squeeze your leg, so you knew I was still there. By the time we pulled onto the farm driveway, you stirred slightly. “Daddy… bed…” you murmured in that tiny, sleepy voice. I helped you out of the Hilux carefully, supporting your weight. You leaned heavily against me, half asleep, completely trusting me. I carried your bag and guided you to my bedroom, moving slowly so you wouldn’t jolt awake. 

Once inside, I helped you crawl under the blankets, adjusting Rosie around you and placing Kline where you could hug him. Your top was damp from the accident, and you were too sleepy to protest, so I gently removed it. I decided to just leave you in just your wet panties, as you were far too tired to change. I tucked you in making sure you were warm and comfortable. “There,” I whispered. “Safe, warm, everything’s fine. Sleep as long as you need. “You murmured something about cupcakes, snuggling Kline tighter, eyes fluttering closed again. I quietly left the room for a moment to fetch a fresh bottle of water, your pacifier, and your book. I set them on the bedside table before returning to sit quietly beside you, and quietly read to you. I brushed a stray lock of hair from your forehead, and gave you a kiss. Flying had drained you. The drive had drained you. And now with you safe, half-asleep, warm, and trusting me completely I couldn’t help but feel happy and content.

