The Littlest Professor

Author: lionheart

*000*2025-12-22 01:30

Hey everyone! I'm new to the forum but not to the diaper lover community and specifically CGL and ABDL forums. I've been writing for 10+ years fantasy, sci-fi an slow-burn romance based in humiliation, regression and centering around forced wetting, spanking or diapers. I was looking for more places to share my stories and please let me know your thoughts on the story if you like it!

The Littlest Professor

By Lionsheart

Disclaimer: This story features consensual adult ABDL roleplay. All characters are 18+, no minors and all dynamics are negotiated between adults.

Chapter 1: The Literary Dictator

Claire Grimmer walked through the aisles of the Thorne Hall's tiered rows, delivering her graded and red marked papers, as if it were a new art form. She could hear a mix of groans, whispers, sniffles and sighs as she delivered each essay to its respective student.

“Jasmine Patel, impeccable work on your analysis. It’s rare to see a thesis so well thought out.” Professor Grimmer praised the student who was only a few years younger than Claire.

Surprisingly enough to most students on the campus, Professor Grimmer had been one of the youngest professors hired in recent years, yet, debatably, the strictest. Claire excelled in her baccalaureate work and had gotten early entry into a PhD program that led to her graduating at 23. Her job came by on luck and timing alone when one of the existing Advanced Writing & Rhetorical Analysis professors suddenly passed away at Westridge University. During that time, she had been substitute teaching and tutoring, awaiting for a permanent spot to open up and apply for to start her real teaching career and pay off her debt. Unfortunately for her, the professor she had the most admiration and utmost respect for during her own studies at Westridge had been the professor she'd have to replace.

When Professor Walsh had passed, her heart had seemingly cracked and she'd cried for days, remembering their conversations and discussions that made her feel like she had been seen and was capable of bigger things in her life. It was something that her parents never could do and the reason why she enjoyed her professors company, even if it was only a professional relationship. They'd met for coffee to discuss contemporary rhetoric theory and, during her studies, she'd basically had her own standing seat in his office during his office hours. All this to say, he'd been a close mentor and then colleague after she graduated. They even got to the point of sending professor memes and funny rhetorical quotes they saw to each other when Claire had been hired on to tutor and substitute teach.

His position opened up mid semester when Claire was working with him at the campus as a tutor for his class. It was the luck of time and place that she was able to get into such a prestigious role at a well-known college so quickly after graduating. Claire didn't take her role lightly, as the meaning of her job was now carrying on a legacy of someone who taught her everything she knew.

From the moment she began her first lecture, she knew she had big shoes to fill, in which she did and had made a name for herself in the few years she had already taught. Given, that name may have had curse words and profanity following it, but her colleagues praised her work through her PhD work and published papers. She won several awards during academia and had a known reputation among the professors for her excellence even prior to being hired into the university’s faculty.

At the age of 26, she now walked her hall with an uptight confidence and prowl that no student near her age truly understood, which was okay for Claire since that's how she always had been: simply misunderstood. She'd heard the names people called her and comments about how she'd just graduated and it made 'no sense' why it didn't seem like she had a sympathetic bone in her body. From giving her infamous berating lectures to students who questioned her to her notorious red marked papers, she had built her reputation in record breaking time of 3 years as one of the toughest professors in the English department. That was a title she held gladly, knowing it was only following in Professor Walsh's footsteps of pushing students to their own excellence in academia.

Professor Grimmer’s heels clicked the stairs as she walked up, passing out her last exam, “Kevin Marshall." Claire passed back a paper heavily marked with red. "Your thesis was unclear and you failed to provide adequate textual support for your claims. This reads more like a book report than critical analysis." The ginger headed student’s face flushed red as he rested his forehead on his hands in stress of the C- grade.

She walked back to her podium, lecturing on like she did after every essay delivery day like a nail in the coffin for her students, "As I mentioned last week, these analytical essays fell significantly short of senior level expectations." Her voice carried through the room without needing to rise above a measured tone. The century old walls of Thorne Hall seemed to amplify her words, bouncing them back at the students with authority.

"The most common issues I encountered," she continued, returning to the front of the class, "were imprecise language, failure to engage critically with the text and arguments that lacked sufficient evidence." She pulled out three anonymous excerpts she'd prepared, projecting them onto the whiteboard. "For example, this sentence: 'The author really shows how society is bad.' This tells us nothing specific about the text or the argument being made and is vague."

A few students shifted uncomfortably, recognizing their own words dissected before their peers. Claire paced slowly, her shoes marking a steady rhythm against the floor, "Your analysis should demonstrate precision, clarity, and original thinking. These are not arbitrary requirements but are the foundations of effective communication in any profession you might pursue."

As she spoke, Claire noticed movement in her peripheral vision, Kade Prescott slouching further in his seat in the back row, his athletic frame somehow managing to look both relaxed and defiant at the same time. His dark hair fell carelessly across his forehead, and the smirk playing at his lips set her teeth on edge. From day 1 of this semester, he was, admittedly, a problem child in her class and always having an argument on her grading of his papers, although he never bothered to visit during her office hours to learn how to improve his writing skills.

"Mr. Prescott." She held the last paper she deliberately didn’t deliver between two fingers as if it might contaminate her, "Would you care to explain how an AI generated essay meets the requirements of this assignment?" The classroom fell silent as Kade's smirk faltered, then returned with double the intensity. His green eyes flickering almost in mockery that set Claire’s irritation to a new level.

He leaned forward, resting his elbows on his desk, "I'm not sure what you mean, Professor Grimmer." His voice carried a practiced innocence that made her eye twitch in annoyance.

"Then allow me to clarify." Claire walked toward him, feeling almost the 32 pairs of eyes following her movement. "This essay contains tell-tale markers of AI generation with inconsistent arguments, quotations without real references and unnatural vocabularly in certain parts. Did you think I wouldn't notice?" Heat climbed up her neck, not from embarrassment but from the controlled anger she refused to fully show.

Kade held her gaze, challenge flickering in his eyes, "With all due respect, Professor, not everyone can meet your impossible standards without some... assistance." His tone suggested he found nothing important in her lecture nor statement, "Some of us have real world priorities beyond comma splices and thesis statements."

The tension in the room shifted, students glancing between them like they were watching a tennis match. Claire felt a boost of confidence when several students frowned at Kade's response, as if they were surprised he'd even use AI, yet alone admit to it. Some genuine and others she could tell were probably just trying to remain on her good side for favorable grading outcomes. Little did they know, Claire would always grade without bias, no matter how many office hours or compliments they could give her.

"Your 'real world priorities' won't exempt you from the consequences of academic dishonesty, Mr. Prescott. See me after class." She placed his unmarked paper on her desk and turned away for a drink of water to the side of her before he could respond, refusing to give him the satisfaction of witnessing her irritation.

Claire resumed her critique, her voice never betraying the quickened beat of her heart from the confrontation and Mr. Prescott's audacity to openly argue her in front of her class, "As we move toward your midterm research papers, remember that clear writing reflects clear thinking. I expect significant improvement from many of you." Her eyes slowly glanced around the circular tiered seating of the hall, eyes flicking to Kade’s darkened ones before she went back to her lecture.

The room filed out after her lecture slowly, until one student at the top of the tiered rows in the corner got up. Claire ignored the stare of her student approaching and the way he was much larger, taller than her by the time he appeared at her podium as she was exiting out of her PowerPoint and logging out.

Claire squared her shoulders and raised her chin, grateful for the extra three inches her heels provided as he approached. Even so, Kade still towered over her, his broad shoulders filling out his university sweatshirt in a way that made the classroom suddenly feel smaller. She ignored the thought, recognizing that she would not allow herself to be intimidated by anyone, let alone, an arrogant student in her class.

“Mr. Prescott.” She drawled in acknowledgement, moss green eyes flicking up as his eyes stared down to his paper in her hand as she passed it to him, “You’re lucky I felt merciful enough to give this a chance to be rewritten and didn’t send this to the dean for cheating." She said, almost regretting her decision to let this slip. She shouldn't have, yet she did because that's what Professor Walsh would have done... give a failing student a chance to redeem themselves, as he always said. Claire continued as he opened them, eyes scanning her highlights, "I highlighted all the AI phrasing and unsupported references.” She nodded to the papers as he flipped through the pages and pausing by her words.

Kade's green eyes narrowed, "It's a tool, Professor. I wrote most of the paper and the AI just helped me organize my thoughts and polish the language."

"A tool that won't help you develop critical thinking skills or your own analytical voice." Claire kept her tone measured, professional, though her heart rate had quickened slightly. She refused to be intimidated by his proximity or the intensity of his gaze as she crossed her arms and held firm in her position, "In the real world, employers won't be impressed by your ability to prompt a chatbot."

"The real world?" Kade scoffed, running a hand through his dark hair. "In the real world, efficiency matters. Nobody cares how you get results as long as you deliver them."

The audacity of his statement made her blood simmer beneath her composed exterior. Claire straightened a stack of papers, deliberately taking her time before responding, “Perhaps in your future business ventures, Mr. Prescott, but in my classroom, the journey matters as much as the destination." She met his stare directly now, "If I see evidence of AI use in your work again, you'll need to consider summer classes to fulfill your writing requirement for graduation."

Something dangerous flashed across Kade's expression. His shoulders tensed, jaw clenching as he fell silent. The classroom air grew thick with tension, punctuated only by the distant sound of students in the hallway outside. Claire should have felt only professional annoyance with his attitude, but an unwelcome heat crept up her neck as she observed him.

Kade Prescott was undeniably handsome. He was tall with almost perfectly disheveled dark hair that suggested he'd just rolled out of bed, yet somehow made it look intentional. His green eyes held a sharpness that betrayed his intelligence, despite his failing grade in her course she could imagine he still was adept in other areas. All things considered, he did have a strong grade point average before he took her class.

"Summer classes?" He finally broke the silence, his voice lower now, "You'd really derail my graduation over this?" She blinked, eyes narrowing at his insinuation that it was suddenly her fault he was failed a class because of his own AI usage. Arrogance at it's finest, she thought to herself.

"I don't set the graduation requirements, Mr. Prescott. The university does." Claire tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear, annoyed at herself for noticing how his tone made a part of her think thoughts she shouldn’t in professional setting, "And yes, academic integrity matters enough to 'derail' things when necessary."

His prolonged silence made her increasingly uncomfortable. It wasn’t with fear but with an inappropriate awareness of him as a man rather than just a difficult student. The way he studied her face made her wonder what he was searching for. Weakness? A hint that she might bend her academic standards?

"You know," he said finally, his tone shifted to something almost intimate that made her pulse jump, "most professors would be impressed that I found a way to work smarter, not harder." Did he think he could persuade her with his charm instead? She blinked in annoyance of this student's audacity yet again.

Claire swallowed, fighting the urge to step back from the podium, "Well, I'm not most professors."

"No," Kade agreed, his eyes traveling over her face thoughtfully, "You're definitely not."

The way he spoke softly and not in a defensive way now hung in the air between them. Claire clutched the podium tighter, using it as a shield between them. The intellectual frustration she felt toward him twisted with something else, an irritating awareness that under different circumstances, she might have found his confidence attractive rather than aggravating.

"Is there anything else, Mr. Prescott? I have another class to prepare for." She didn't, but the lie gave her an escape route she’d gladly take.

Kade blinked in annoyance, coldly pulling back and walking away, "I'll rewrite the paper." he said, the words clipped, "Thanks, Professor." He turned and strode toward the door, shoulders back and head high. Claire hated that her eyes followed him, tracking the confident swagger in his step.

Claire blinked in annoyance at the confrontation and the ‘thanks’ that was not a thank you at all but an insult wrapped in an arrogant undertone. She hated even more the conflicted feelings swirling in her stomach, professional irritation tangled with an appreciation for his defiant confidence.

When the door closed behind him, Claire released a breath she hadn't realized she'd been holding. She pressed her palms flat against the podium, steadying herself before gathering her items and leaving.

Later that night Claire drove home after a long day of grading her second class’s essays and an office hours visit from Kevin who had been struggling in her Advanced Writing course. Claire didn’t know why but the conversation with Kade and the classrooms responses to her lectures made her more exhausted than usual.

When she got home, she decided to let go of the work stress as soon as humanely possible and unwind into her self-care routine, which involved a glass of wine, a diaper and her online ABDL and CGL community forum of people with similar interests as her.

After getting into her diaper and onesie, she drank a few sips from her glass and logged into the website while she rested onto her couch. She blushed and grinned in excitement behind her pacifier, seeing DaddyDom24 online and already had sent her a message:

Hey little baby writer, I see you’re online. What are you up to tonight?

She felt her heart skip, seeing his words and how his phrases and words always elicited a warmth and tingling of humiliation within her that not many people possessed. Sure, she had dated on Fetlife and other online communities with other daddies; however, all the relationships prior lacked the intellectual stimulation she required. She found that the power dynamics and the words that could make her heart skip a beat was the true humiliation high she was attracted too.

Claire hadn’t came across it until DaddyDom24 and they met through their stories. She came across him initially reading a story called The Control Protocol written by DaddyDom24. That’s where they began almost 4 months ago, when LittleScribbler, Claire’s online persona, began commenting on his stories.

It was a story about a man regressing his hardworking wife through psychological games, daily checks and rules. In the story, his wife had been the breadwinner and held the keys in their house, so to speak. She was going through a series of challenges and high workload that caused her stress that bled into their love life.

Then, the husband gave her an ultimatum: either stay in the relationship and follow his ‘control protocol’ to give up certain responsibilities to cope and become a better wife or they would divorce, no other options left. She agreed, hesitantly, and the story deliciously picked up in psychological role play and sweet but slow regression of the female lead character that bled into her workdays and life.

As well known as DaddyDom24 was in the online community, so was LittleScribbler and she became known for her slow burn DDLG romance stories. After a few weeks of her commenting on his posts, he began commenting on her stories and they developed an online friendship publicly.

Slowly, that migrated into private messaging and eventually roleplay where he’d ask her questions about her taking care of herself with water check-ins or self-care like in his story The Control Protocol. Then, he transcended into a more stricter and direct role play of asking her to drink only from her sippy cup afterwork and send a picture of proof. After that, it escalated further into asking her to wear her diapers on the weekends and to send him pictures to prove she was properly padded.

Claire blinked back to his message, eyeing his thirst trap profile icon of his toned abs on display and holding a belt in front of him casually like a threat for a spanking. She bit her lip, typing:

Drinking wine after a long week at work and working on a new story. How about you?

She saw his typing bubble as she felt flushed from her neck up, having an idea what he’d say next but awaiting the response.

Is that so? It better be from your sippy cup or else I may just make you do something as a punishment for not following my rules we set out.

Her eyebrows raised, surprised of the frisky and more dominant tone he was taking on that night which was unlike him. He usually was on the side of caring and kind, yet today she could already tell he was coming in hotter than usual. Yes, he was dominant and his stories showed a darker, more shadow-daddy side to him but he’d not enforced any punishments… yet at least.

She blinked when his next message came through:

Send me a picture in the next 30 seconds, I want proof, little girl.

Claire mischievously giggled, taking a picture by laptop screenshot from her chin down to her exposed diaper and wine glass in hand, sending it quickly in his required time frame. She didn’t type anything, knowing she was in trouble already. Her heart rate sped up as she awaited his response, his typing bubble appearing and disappearing a few times before a response came through:

Hm. That’s not what babies should drink from, you’re going to make a mess and that’s unacceptable.

She felt her fingers tingle, awaiting whatever punishment he thought would be appropriate for her misbehavior.

Since you disobeyed me tonight, how about you drink two full glasses of water before bed while you’re on chat with me and no diaper change until 3PM tomorrow. I want a picture before you take it off to make sure you didn’t make any accidents overnight. Is that understood?

Claire blushed deeper red, feeling embarrassed of him knowing she’d wet tonight and sleep in it. Usually she didn’t sleep in a wet diaper and stay in it that long. She was used to changing herself in the morning if she slept overnight and didn’t like the idea of a cold diaper in the morning. Luckily, she hadn’t had any plans for tomorrow and could afford a good portion of her day in her diaper.

Claire and DaddyDom24 kept chatting the rest of the night about story ideas whilst he asked for updates on her water intake every now and then. That night, Claire had slowly calmed down from her day of responsibilities, being able to feel like she offloaded it with her online Daddy.

The power, strictness and strength she had to carry was no more and she could relax into a peaceful state. She was simply happy to feel taken care of between her high workload of the week, even if it was all virtually.

