Golden Streams

Author: Assrael5081

*000*2026-03-31 12:00

[THE FIRST CHAPTER CONTAINS ONLY PEE DESPERATION.]

Chapter One

The monitor cast a cool, bluish glow into the dark room, illuminated only by the weak LED strip under the desk and the flickering screen. Daniel leaned back in his gaming chair, hands clasped behind his head, his eyes gliding over the three windows arranged side-by-side on his ultrawide display. Each showed a different world of desperate grace, a different young woman battling her own biology. The air smelled of cold pizza, energy drink, and the faint, metallic tinge of overheating from the graphics card. His heart hammered against his ribs at the mere sight of the stream titles: LilyPichu – 6h Hold Challenge! Goal: Beat Malenia!; SweetAnya – UwU I have to pee SO BAD!! Donation = Sip!; KittenMittens – Cosplay Desperation: Holding for you in my Asuna Outfit ❤️.

He pulled the over-ear headphones tighter and dove in. The mixed soundscape of three different voices, three different kinds of urgency, was his personal symphony.

Window 1: LilyPichu. She wore an oversized pink hoodie with cat ears, paired with pink denim shorts. Her face, usually marked by a radiant, childlike smile, was now a mask of concentrated agony. She was playing Elden Ring, her fingers cramped around the controller, but her movements were jerky, imprecise. Her camera, large and unmissable in the lower right corner of her gameplay feed, showed her from the waist up. She sat on a white ergonomic gaming chair, legs clamped tightly together, feet crossed on the footrest. Again and again, her butt slid forward, then pressed deep back into the seat cushion, as if searching for an invisible pressure point.

"Oh my god, Chat, no, please don't," she groaned as a donation message with a bright *ding* sound scrolled across the screen. "User ‘BladderBuster69’ donated $10 with the message: ‘Take a sip of your giant tea, Lily! You need fluids for Malenia!’"

A trembling, pained smile flitted across her face. "You guys are so mean… really." With a visibly shaking hand, she reached for the huge, liter-sized cup of iced sweet tea that was always within reach. She brought the straw to her lips, and her Adam's apple bobbed in a slow, visibly painful swallow. A deep, shuddering sigh escaped her as she set the cup down. Her free hand immediately flew back between her thighs, fingers clawing into the fabric of her shorts, right over her crotch. "That… that was a mistake. A big mistake. I think I can feel it already… it just wants out."

The chat beside her stream exploded with activity.

Lilyyyy your legs are shaking!!

She’s pressing so hard, you can see how her hand is dug in there!

2 more hours til Malenia, you’ll never make itttt

Just let go sweetie, your chair is waterproof :3

The way she’s clenching her butt is so hot omg.

Daniel watched as a fine film of sweat gleamed on Lily's forehead. She bit her lower lip, focused back on the screen where her character wandered through the decayed halls of Miquella's Haligtree. Suddenly, as a surprise enemy jumped from a corner, she flinched violently. Her whole body tensed. She almost dropped the controller, grabbed between her legs with both hands, and let out a high, strained sound caught between a scream and a sob. "Ah! N-no! Damn it! That was close!"

For a long moment, she just sat there, panting, shoulders hunched, eyes wide with shock and the suddenly intensified urgency. Slowly, as if moving through syrup, she loosened her grip, picked up the controller again. "Okay… okay. I'm okay. It's fine." But her voice was thin and brittle.

Daniel felt the first stirrings in his boxers. He stroked himself over the fabric, a slow, savoring pressure. Not yet. Just watch. Collect.

Window 2: SweetAnya. A study in contrasts. Anya was pure, coquettish doll-like charm. Blonde ringlets, huge blue eyes that now glittered with tears of desperation. She wore a pastel blue, sleeveless top and a very short white miniskirt. She wasn’t playing a demanding game, only building a house in The Sims, though her clicks were lethargic, her thoughts clearly elsewhere. Her camera was even more dominant, showing her almost full-body on a low, pink armchair piled with plush cushions.

"Chat, I swear to you, I have never had to pee this bad in my life," she whispered, her voice a sweet, whiny thread. She wasn't sitting anymore; she was hovering. Butt raised off the chair, she balanced on her tiptoes, knees pressed together so tightly they turned white. Her upper body rocked in a slow, ceaseless front-to-back motion, a rhythmic sway of pure need. "I started… four hours ago. And you guys donated sooo many drinks. Thank you for that, really." The last words sounded bitter. A tear rolled down her cheek. "I can't anymore. Really, I can't."

*Ding!* "User ‘GoldenShowerKing’ donated $50 with the message: ‘Anya, honey, please sit down normally. For 30 seconds. Show us how you fight.’"

Anya's face flushed red. "No… please, that's too much, I…"

*Ding! Ding!* Two more donations from the same user flew in, the sum rising to $150.

"O-okay! Okay!" she sobbed. With an effort that trembled in every muscle of her petite frame, she lowered herself slowly, inch by inch, back onto the chair. As her bottom touched the seat, a violent shudder racked through her. She gasped for air, her hands flying of their own accord back between her legs, pressing the miniskirt flat against her body. She bent far forward, her back forming a tight arch, as if trying to wrap herself around the throbbing, burning balloon in her lower abdomen. "Aah… aahah… it… it’s pushing so hard… it wants out, it really wants out…"

Her hips began to make small, circular motions, an involuntary grinding against the pressure of her own hands. Another distinct rocking motion. The chat went wild.

OH MY GOD SHE'S RUBBING!!!!

She's enjoying it!!

Look how damp her skirt is already in the front!!

That's not pee anymore that's a bomb!

Let go Anya! Make your golden puddle!

Daniel was breathing harder now. His hand was firmly wrapped around himself, moving in a slow, steady rhythm. Anya's open display of helplessness, that perfect mix of childish innocence and unmistakable autoerotic component, hit him right in the core. He could almost smell the scent of her sweat and strained desperation.

Window 3: KittenMittens – or just Mia. She was the most experienced of the three, the queen of pee-holding streams. Today in a near-perfect cosplay of the Sword Art Online heroine Asuna: purple-and-white battle skirt, gauntlets, even the long chestnut hair was on point. She was playing competitive Valorant, and despite her condition, her reflexes were still remarkably sharp. But her camera was the star. She sat ramrod straight in her chair, legs elegantly crossed. Yet the top leg trembled uncontrollably, and her left hand frequently left the keyboard to lay flat on her lower abdomen with splayed fingers, pressing deep.

"Headshot," she said in a strangely thick, hoarse voice as her avatar took out an opponent. Then, without looking away from the main screen, she continued: "Chat, if anyone does a 'jump-scare donation' now, I will drown this chair, and that's a promise." Her words were matter-of-fact, almost dry, but beneath the surface bubbled a volcanic urgency. She moved little, but the tension in her neck, the stiff jaw, the bloodless knuckles of her feet resting on the footrest told everything.

*Ding!* "User ‘PressureMaster’ donated $20 with the message: ‘Mia, uncross your legs. Put both feet flat on the floor. For the next round.’"

Mia's eyes flickered to the chat overlay. A tired, sarcastic smile played on her lips. "Fine." With a slow, almost ceremonial movement, she uncrossed her legs. As the foot of the top leg touched the floor, she flinched. A short, sharp exhale. She placed both feet flat on the ground, knees now close together. Immediately, her entire lower body began to vibrate. The hand on her belly curled into a claw. "Good. Very good. Feels like someone's putting a hot poker in my… well. You know."

She played the next round in a trance. Her movements were mechanical, precise, but every time she had to crouch or jump, a stifled gasp came from her throat. After winning the round—more through luck and her teammates' skill than her own—she leaned back for a moment. Her eyes closed. Her hips shifted a tiny bit forward on the chair, an instinctive, searching push. A long, trembling sigh escaped her. "I… I think I need to change my strategy. The bladder-control RNG is not working in my favor today."

The chat loved her humorous way of naming the unspeakable.

QUEEN!

She's trying to keep it professional but look how she's sitting! Like on a perch!

Poor thing must be so full.

This is gonna be a tidal wave when it happens.

Daniel switched his gaze between the three windows, a conductor of anguish. His left hand worked faster now, more determined. The first images formed in his head: Lily curling into her hoodie; Anya writhing in her armchair; Mia fighting nature with iron discipline. He focused on Lily.

Her situation was coming to a head. She had made it to the arena chamber of Malenia, Blade of Miquella. But the fight was torture. Every dodge roll, every jump was agony. "Not now, not now, not now," she pleaded with her own body as she avoided an attack. Her legs were tightly locked and she could no longer sit straight. She kept putting the controller down to press both hands into her crotch, rocking her torso back and forth. Her face was red, streaked with tears. "Chat, I can't take it! It hurts! It really hurts!"

*Ding! Ding! Ding!* A cascade of donations rained in, all urging her to drink more, hold on, do it for the community.

"I can't drink anymore!" she screamed, yet her hand reached for the cup like it was remote-controlled. She took a tiny sip, and it was enough. Her body seemed to inflate. A long, deep moan, trembling in her throat, passed her lips. She dropped the controller. Both hands rammed between her thighs, pressing with all her might. "No no no no NO!"

It was a fascinating, cruel sight. She slid to the very front edge of the chair, her butt lifting slightly. Her body was stiff as a board, only her hips making tiny, twitching thrusts forward. Her eyes were closed, mouth open in a silent scream. The battle raging wasn't on the screen, but in her pelvis. Daniel held his breath, his hand moving in sync with her desperate whimpers.

Then, a sound. Soft at first. A gentle, bubbling rush, like a distant waterfall. Lily froze. Her eyes opened wide, filled with sheer horror and… relief. "Ah… ah… it's… it's going…"

A dark stain spread with lightning speed on the pink fabric of her shorts, right between her tightly pressed hands. It wasn't a slow trickle, but a broken dam. The fabric soaked through instantly, turning a deep, wet purple. The rushing sound grew louder, an unmistakable, sustained splashing and gurgling clearly audible through her expensive microphone. She slumped, fell back into the chair, her hands releasing their grip and falling limp at her sides. A torrent of golden liquid shot out from under her, hit the plastic footrest of the chair, and sprayed in an arc onto the light gray carpet. It didn't stop. Second after second, a veritable deluge poured from her, the chair was soaked from beneath, a puddle quickly forming around its casters.

Lily stared motionlessly at the camera. Tears ran silently down her face, but her expression was empty, exhausted. The moan of relief mixed with sobs. "I… I lost," she whispered. The chat exploded in ecstasy. Emotes, caps-lock comments, virtual confetti explosions littered the stream.

Daniel let out a hot, shuddering sigh. His hips jerked spastically upward as a warm shower raced through his lower belly and released in pulsating waves. He came with a quiet, guttural sound, eyes fixed on the wet patch on Lily's carpet. The exhaustion mirrored in her features was almost as arousing as the act itself. His breath came in short, ragged bursts as the last tremors ran through him. For a moment, silence hung in the room, broken only by the quiet hum of the PC and the muffled murmuring from the headphones.

But the pause was brief. His gaze immediately wandered to the other two windows. The arousal, sated and sluggish for a moment, was already beginning to return like a low hum. Lily was history—a wonderful, wet history—but the spectacle continued.

SweetAnya was in a critical phase. She had abandoned her previous hover; now she sat completely motionless in the middle of her pink armchair, as if turned to stone. Her face was ashen, her huge blue eyes staring vacantly, wide open as if seeing something horrible only she could see. The tears had dried up, replaced by a kind of shocked disbelief. Her hands lay flat on her thighs, fingers splayed and trembling.

"I… I can't move," she breathed, her voice barely more than a whisper. "If I move even a millimeter, Chat… then it's over. For sure." She breathed shallowly and quickly, like a trapped bird. "It… it's throbbing. Over and over. So hard." Her lower lip quivered.

*Ding!* The donation message appeared like a sentencing. "User ‘LeakyFaerie’ donated $5 with the message: ‘Anya, sweetie, cough once. Just a little cough.’"

Anya's eyes filled with tears again. "No… please…"

*Ding!* "+$10 from ‘LeakyFaerie’: ‘Please?’"

*Ding! Ding!* Other users jumped on the bandwagon. "Cough!", "Do it!", "Show us what you've got!"

A desperate, humming sound came from her throat. "O-okay… okay…" She closed her eyes, pressed her lips together. Her whole body tensed, bracing for the minimal disturbance. Then, with a tiny movement of her shoulders, she did it. A short, stifled "Hmpf!"

It was enough.

Her body shot forward as if electrocuted. A shrill, inarticulate scream broke from her. Her hands shot between her legs, clawed into the fabric of the skirt, but it was too late. A bright, bubbling trickle had already run down her inner thigh, leaving a damp trail on her skin. She fought still, frantically, pointlessly. She pressed with all her strength, tried to stem the flow, pushed up on her tiptoes so only her tailbone touched the chair.

"N-no! Stop! Please stop!" she begged her own body.

But the pressure built over hours was titanic. It wasn't a sudden break like Lily's, but a commanding, unstoppable flowing.

A golden stream shot through the thin fabric of her panties and miniskirt, hit the seat of the armchair with a distinct, splattering sound, surprisingly loud and clear. Anya sank back with a long, tremulous sigh of absolute surrender. Her body relaxed completely, went slack and pliant. The stream transformed into a steady, powerful flow that immediately saturated the fabric of her skirt, creating a rapidly spreading, dark yellow puddle on the light pink chair. The water seeped through the padding, dripped with a soft, rhythmic *plink… plink… plink* onto the hardwood floor below.

She just sat there, letting it happen, eyes closed, face a mask of pained ecstasy. Her hips moved slightly, involuntarily, as if trying to press out the last drop. The chat was a single roar of joy. Daniel stared, fascinated, at the spreading wetness, at the way the fabric of her top darkened at the lower edge from running rivulets. His own hand, which he had let rest after his first climax, began again, slowly, almost reluctantly, to stroke. The arousal was back, hotter and more demanding than ever. The sight of this complete, shamelessly displayed surrender to physiological necessity was indescribable.

As Anya's release slowly tapered into a final, dripping aftermath, the events in the third window tore him from his contemplation.

KittenMittens – Mia had lost her composure. The professional façade had cracked. She wasn't playing anymore. She just sat there, hands gripping the armrests of her gaming chair, knuckles white. Her Asuna cosplay looked disheveled. She breathed in short, staccato snorts through her nose, mouth firmly shut. Her gaze was fixed on a spot below the camera, intense, as if concentrating her entire willpower on that one point.

"I… will… not…," she growled through clenched teeth. Each word obviously cost her immense effort. "Not here. Not now."

But her body told a different story. Her crossed legs trembled so violently it was a wonder they didn't fly apart. A fine film of sweat gleamed on her forehead and décolletage. And then, very subtly, a dark shadow began to form on the purple-and-white fabric of her battle skirt, right between her tightly pressed thighs. It wasn't a large stain, just a small, damp spot, slowly growing larger. A first, involuntary dribble.

Mia's eyes widened in horror as she felt the change on her thigh. A warm, wet trickle. "No," she whispered. "No, no, no…"

She tried to press her legs together even tighter, but the muscles no longer obeyed. They were overstrained, exhausted. A second dribble followed, then a third, faster. A soft, pearling sound was audible. A thin, golden rivulet traced its way down her inner thigh, leaving a shiny trail on her skin before dripping onto the seat of the chair.

"Damn it!" she hissed and jumped up. It was a reflexive, panicked movement. But standing up was the most fatal mistake she could make. The sudden shift in gravity, the relief of the sphincter—it was the signal her bladder had been waiting for.

Mia froze mid-movement, half-standing, half-bent. Her face contorted into a grimace of unimaginable surprise and immediate regret. A deep, gurgling sigh escaped her.

And then the floodgates opened.

It wasn't a stream fighting through clothing. She was standing. A powerful, arcing torrent shot forth from her, immediately soaking the lower part of her skirt and underwear and pouring with a loud, rushing sound onto the expensive, lit PVC floor beneath her gaming setup. The sound was dominant, forceful, an uninterrupted splashing and gurgling that drowned out every other sound in the stream. Mia let out a throaty, shocked cry that turned into an almost angry groan. She made no further attempt to hold it. Instead, she leaned forward slightly, braced her hands on the desk, and just let it run. Her head hung down, the long Asuna hair hiding her face. Only the violent movements of her shoulders and the ceaseless, golden torrent shooting down between her legs, forming a quickly growing pool on the glossy floor, bore witness to the catastrophe.

It seemed to last forever. The reserve she had accumulated over hours was immense. The pool spread out, lapped at the feet of her chair, approached the cables under the table dangerously. The initially clear stream weakened, turned into a few final, forceful spurts, then into a dripping end. Finally, she just stood there, dripping wet from the hips down, the skirt heavy and dark hanging from her, a puddle of considerable size at her feet.

Slowly, she straightened up. She pushed her hair out of her face. Her face was flushed, but strangely composed. She looked directly into the camera. "Well," she said in a rough but clear voice. "That was the 'bladder-control meta.' Obviously not my patch." A tired, crooked smile. The chat went wild with enthusiasm and respect.

For Daniel, this moment was the pinnacle. Mia's loss of control wasn't passive, not weepy. It was an active, almost defiant capitulation. The way she leaned forward, as if accepting her fate and even wanting to channel it, hit him like a blow. His hand now moved quickly and decisively over his already stiffened cock again. The images of the last minutes raced through his head: Lily's collapsing despair, Anya's slack surrender, Mia's defiant torrent. His breath came in hot gasps, his back arched.

With a choked, guttural cry, he came again. It was a drier, more painful orgasm than the first, with only a few thin strands of output, but the intensity of the sensation was almost unbearable. Waves of electric pleasure shot through his pelvis, mixed with a feeling of deep exhaustion. He sank back into his chair, trembling, sweat on his brow.

On the screen, the spectacle was over. Lily had ended her stream, only a black field with "Offline" remained. Anya was wiping her eyes with her sleeve and smiling a shaky, shamefully happy smile into the camera. Mia was already starting to dab at the floor with a towel, joking with her chat about "technical difficulties."

The arousal in Daniel's lower belly slowly subsided, leaving a pleasant, numb emptiness. But his eyes remained glued to the remaining streams. The night was still young. New streamers were going live, with promising titles like "Marathon Hold – 8 Hours Challenge!" or "Desperate Princess Arc – No Bathroom Until I Finish This Puzzle!"

A tired, triumphant smile played around his lips. He took a large gulp of his stale energy drink, felt the liquid running down his parched throat and into his empty stomach. A trivial feeling compared to what he had just witnessed.

His hand, sticky and shaking slightly, settled back on the mouse. He clicked on a new stream. A girl with lilac pigtails and an oversized sweater smiled nervously into the camera. "H-hi Chat! So, um… I really have to pee bad already. Like, really bad. And I've decided I'm definitely not getting up tonight, no matter what!"

Daniel leaned back, a connoisseur viewing a new performance. The exhaustion was there, but it was overlaid by a deep, satisfied contentment and the anticipation of what was to come. The night was long. The content was inexhaustible. And he was the silent, sole witness to this wonderful, wet age. His other hand slid back down. It would happen a few more times tonight. Definitely.

*001*2026-03-31 14:45

[THIS CHAPTER CONTAINS MESSING. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.]

Chapter Two

The world beyond his monitor ceased to exist. The musty smell of his room, the soft hum of the fans, the occasional creak of the old chair beneath him—all faded into background noise, meaningless white noise against the inferno on his screen. Daniel’s breath caught. His pupils, dilated wide, reflected the harsh glow of the stream that now occupied almost his entire field of view. “Pee Holding is for PUSSIES!!! Holding My POOP till I beat Dark Souls for the FIRST TIME!!!”

The words burned into his consciousness. He read them again. And again. His mind, softened by hours of voyeuristic observation of female desperation, stumbled over this new, monstrous premise. Poop Holding. Bowel holding. Not until the next break, not until the end of a round. Until beating one of the most notoriously difficult video games ever made. By a girl playing it for the first time.

His hand, still lying limp on his boxers, clenched involuntarily. An electric jolt, hot and sharp as a needle, shot from his spine directly into his groin. He was instantly, painfully hard. It was a reaction beyond arousal; it was pure, unadulterated shock mixed with a fascination so deep and dark it made him shudder.

He maximized the stream with a trembling click. The girl—her username was ShySquirrel42—filled the space. She was, as her name suggested, of an almost anxious delicacy. Pale purple, slightly messy pigtails hung over her shoulders. She wore an oversized gray sweatshirt with a cute raccoon print, underneath were extremely short, tight pink shorts that exposed most of her slender, pale thighs. Her face was round, with large brown eyes that now held not nervousness, but a kind of concentrated panic. The setting was unremarkable: a plain desk, a simple chair, the usual gaming gear.

At first, it seemed like a standard pee-holding stream. She fidgeted in her seat, pressed her thighs together, her free hand repeatedly digging into her lower abdomen just above the waistband of her shorts. “Oh man, Chat… my pee… it’s really bad already,” she murmured, her voice quiet, a little squeaky, but surprisingly clear. “I think I really should have gone before the stream.”

Then, almost casually, she added as her character in Dark Souls cautiously descended a gloomy staircase: “And my tummy… it’s really acting up too. I can feel it moving. I haven’t gone… you know, number two… since yesterday morning. So, you know.”

Daniel leaned forward, elbows on his knees, face inches from the screen. His heart hammered against his ribcage. She just said it. No code word, no shy allusion. She named it.

The chat, which had been scrolling leisurely, exploded.

WAIT WHAT?

Poop holding? For real?

That's disgusting wtf

That’s so hot I’m getting hard

Are you sick? Do you have diarrhea?

This is next level holy shit (pun intended lol)

I don't believe you.

ShySquirrel – or Squirrel, as chat soon called her – saw the messages and shook her head slowly. A weak, strained smile played on her lips. “No, no diarrhea. And no laxatives. I just… ate normally. And now it’s just… there. And it wants out.” She sighed, a shaky sound. “It’s pushing really hard. Way harder than the pee, honestly.”

To underscore her words, she suddenly leaned forward, gripping the front edge of her desk with both hands for support. Her face disappeared behind her pigtails for a moment. A long, deep, rumbling sound filled the room. It wasn’t a discreet fart. It was a full-toned, bass-heavy grumble that detached itself from her insides and echoed through her microphone for a good three seconds. It sounded wet, under pressure, final.

She slowly straightened up, her face flushed. “Oof. Sorry. That one… really wanted to say hello.” She sniffed discreetly, then wrinkled her nose slightly. “And it already smells… strong. Really… hearty, I’d say.”

Daniel stared, unable to even blink. The sound. The open description of the smell. It was obscene. It was unnatural. It was the most exciting thing he had ever experienced. His hand closed around his throbbing cock, began automatically stroking up and down. The motion was mechanical, instinctive, driven by an urge he couldn't name.

The chat was now in a delirium.

OMG I HEARD IT HEARTY LMAOOO

She's for real!

She's actually packed!

How much is in there?

Somebody pinch me this is too good.

Squirrel fought her way further through Lordran. Every dodge roll, every jump across a gap became an acrobatic feat of continence. More and more often she paused, pressed her lips together, and her whole body tensed. Her free hand wandered no longer just to her bladder, but slid to her backside, pressing firmly against her tailbone, against the cleft of her buttocks, through the thin fabric of the shorts.

“It’s… shifting,” she whispered once, her voice almost cracking with fear. “I mean… not coming out. But it’s… right there. So close. I have to really clench my cheeks.” She crossed her legs tightly for a moment, her knees turning white, and exhaled panting. Another, shorter fart escaped her, this time with a distinct, whistling tone. “Oh god. That one smelled… cheesy. Very cheesy.”

Daniel almost touched his forehead against the surface of the monitor. His breath fogged the screen. Every detail, every description, every authentic, unvarnished sound drove him further into a state of raging excitement. This was no staged bladder distress. This was something archaic, animalistic. The pure, unveiled confrontation with a bodily function that was taboo, private, hidden. And she was showing it. She was commentating on it. In front of thousands.

Time lost its meaning. He watched as her distress grew exponentially. The game progressed only slowly. She died over and over, had to start again. With each lost hour, with each sip of water she took from a huge bottle (“For concentration, Chat! And… well, they say it softens the bowel contents…”), the siege in her abdomen became obviously more unbearable. All the while she kept releasing gas and commenting on the increasingly intense smell.

She no longer sat, she perched on her chair, stiff as a statue, only her hips making tiny, circular grinding motions against the pressure. Her face was a mask of concentrated agony. The sweet shyness was completely gone, replaced by the naked urgency of a woman at the absolute limit of her physical control.

“Chat, I think… I think a little bit might already be… in my panties,” she confessed in a broken voice. She bit her lower lip. “But… but luckily it’s pretty firm. I… I can still hold it, I think. But I don’t know if I want to hold it anymore.”

The question of whether she was serious had long been settled. The reality of her situation was palpable in every twitch of her body, in every stifled groan, in every described feeling of “it pushing out.” The chat had split into a small faction of the disgusted who left the stream, and an overwhelming, hysterically aroused majority who cheered her on, urged her to hold, or begged her to finally give in.

HOW MUCH LONGER TILL THE FINAL BOSS???

You can do it Squirrel!

Push! Just let go baby, your chair can take it!

I'm jerking off to you for the third time already!

This is the hottest thing I've ever seen.

Daniel was one of them. His jerking motions had become fast, hard, almost violent. All his senses were focused on her. He prayed fervently that she wouldn't get up, wouldn't go offline. That she would see it through. That she would lose the battle here, in front of him, in front of everyone.

The crisis came when her character respawned at the bonfire after a particularly frustrating death. She slowly set the controller down on the desk. Her hands were shaking violently. She stared at the screen, but her eyes were glazed, unfocused.

“How… how much longer to the final boss, Chat?” she asked in a voice that was barely more than a whisper.

The answers poured in: Only halfway!, At least 6 more hours if you play like that!, Forget it girl, go to the bathroom!

Her face flushed red, then went pale again. A deep, guttural sound, half sob, half scream, broke from her. “WHAAAT? Only HALFWAY?!” She shook her head, pigtails flying. “I can’t last THAT LONG! I have to go NOW! NOW NOW NOW!”

It was the cry of the defeated. The point where willpower could do nothing against the laws of physics.

She looked directly into the camera. Her eyes held no more shame, only a kind of defiant resolve mixed with sheer panic. “Okay. Okay. I… I’ll do it. You wanted it. And I’m at my limit, anyway.”

Daniel held his breath. His hand stopped moving, remained rigidly clamped around his shaft. This was it. The moment.

ShySquirrel42 stood up. The movement was slow, laborious, as if she were cast from lead. She turned around, presenting her back to the camera. For a moment, Daniel saw only her sweatshirt, her trembling shoulders. Then she knelt on the seat of her chair. She leaned forward, bracing her hands on the backrest. Her bottom, in the tight pink shorts, rose towards the camera. The position was impossible to misunderstand: she was preparing to relieve herself right where she was.

A deep, vibrating moan filled the room. It was a sound of pure, animalistic relief and strain. Her whole body tensed. The muscles in her thighs and buttocks stood out sharply under the light cotton.

And then Daniel saw it. First, just a slight change in the fabric in the crotch area of the shorts. A slight bulge that slowly expanded. Then, within seconds, the fabric filled, became taut, took on a different, more voluminous shape. It was as if an invisible balloon was inflating in her underwear. At the exact same moment, a dark, wet patch bloomed with shocking speed across the front of the pink shorts, centered right over her crotch. It spread outward in a heartbeat, saturating the thin cotton and turning it a deep, translucent plum color.

A guttural, forceful grunt came from her, mingled with a high, shuddering sigh of release. “Hnnnngggghhh—ahhh!”

The two events were simultaneous, a brutal symphony of surrender. The back of her shorts tightened and rounded, the fabric straining against the solid mass now packed firmly within her panties. The front simply dissolved into a sopping, dripping mess as a torrent of pent-up urine gushed out of her, unimpeded. The sound was a chaotic mix: a low, muffled pressure from behind, and the loud, unmistakable hiss and splash of liquid hitting fabric and then pattering onto the chair’s seat beneath her.

She pushed further, her body committed to both releases at once. A second, longer groan. “Uuuuaaaarrrgh… yes…!”

Daniel watched, mesmerized, as the dark pee-stain engulfed the entire front of her shorts, soaking through to her skin and creating a heavy, sagging drape of wet fabric. Rivulets ran down the insides of her pale thighs, golden against her skin. Meanwhile, the seat of her shorts remained taut and full, the outline of the contained load clearly visible as a rounded, heavy mass that pressed the fabric into a smooth dome. Through some kind of miracle, nothing leaked out the legs; it was all held captive within the confines of her underwear, a solid core surrounded by the flood. The smell was, of course, not perceptible to Daniel, but he could imagine it: intense, earthy, heavy—the "hearty," "cheesy" aroma she had spoken of.

She pushed with rhythmic, deep thrusts, her hips rocking slightly. With each push, another surge of urine would spurt out, adding to the already substantial puddle forming on the chair. The sound was a constant, wet hissing and splattering, underscored by her heavy, snorting breath and the deep, crackling sounds of compaction from behind. It was a complete, total loss of control on both fronts, but presented with a strange dichotomy: the liquid chaos in front, the contained, solid catastrophe in back.

The chat went silent for a moment, then exploded in a new kind of frenzy.

She’s peeing too! Holy fuck!

DOUBLE WHAMMY!

Look at her shorts! They’re drenched!

But the back is just… full oh my god

THIS IS THE ULTIMATE.

Squirrel seemed to be in a kind of trance, yielding completely to the twin demands of her body. The pee finally began to taper off, shifting from a fierce stream to a trickle, then to sporadic drips that added soft *plinks* to the cacophony. The pushing from behind continued for a few more seconds, a final, solid settling, followed by one last, deep sigh that seemed to come from her very bones.

Then she collapsed in on herself, remaining on all fours on the chair, her head resting on her arms. Her breath came in ragged gasps. The pink shorts were a disaster zone: the front was a soaked, dark ruin clinging to her, dripping steadily. The back was a bloated, taut curve of fabric, heavy with its impossible, solid burden. A large, clear puddle of urine shimmered on the chair's seat, and droplets fell from the soaked hem of her shorts to join it.

For a long time, nothing happened. She didn't move. The chat slowly calmed, now filled with awestruck comments.

Then she moved. Slowly, she sat up on her knees, her movements careful, as if acutely aware of the precarious contents in the back of her shorts and the cooling wetness in the front. She twisted her upper body slightly to drag the webcam roughly in her direction with a trembling arm. Her face came back into view. It was sweaty, hair stuck to her temples, eyes red and swollen. But her gaze held a dazed, almost peaceful exhaustion.

“So,” she said, her voice hoarse but weirdly calm. “That… that was everything, I guess.” She took a shaky breath. “Dark Souls is… hard. My bladder was full. And my tummy…” She glanced down awkwardly, unable to see the back, but feeling the profound, weighted fullness. “My tummy was really full.”

She gave a weak, incredulous laugh. “I can feel it all. The… the wet. And the… the other. It’s so much.” Tentatively, she reached a hand back and pressed gently against the seat of her shorts. Her eyes widened slightly at the firm, unyielding pressure. “Yeah. It’s real. It’s really in there. All of it.” She brought her hand back and looked at her damp fingers from the front, wrinkling her nose with a faint, tired smile. “And still warm. And… well. You can imagine. Or, no, you probably can’t.”

The chat celebrated her like a heroine. Like a pioneer. Donation messages flew in, not to torment her, but as tribute. “Legend!”, “You made history!”, “I’m coming for the fifth time right now!”, “That was the craziest thing I’ve ever seen!”, “Marry me!!!”

Daniel couldn’t form a coherent thought. His brain was a tangle of overstimulated senses: the visual image of the utterly soiled shorts, the sound of her straining groans, the open way she now talked about it. His hand worked on autopilot, fast and determined, the pressure in his own groin had built to an almost painful throbbing that screamed for release. He was close. So close.

On screen, Squirrel moved carefully. With utmost caution, as if afraid something else might follow or the existing mass might shift uncontrollably, she climbed down from the chair. She stood there, legs slightly apart, in an awkward stance that made clear how much the voluminous, heavy load in her underwear impeded her. The sight was surreal—this cute, delicate girl, completely ruined by her own extreme bodily function.

“I think… I should maybe… clean up,” she said with a hint of embarrassment. But instead of ending the stream immediately, she did something unexpected. She walked slowly, with that waddling gait, to the side of her desk where a small, portable lamp stood. She switched it on and directed the light onto herself, specifically onto her lower back and the rear of her shorts.

“For those… who want to see it clearly,” she murmured. “Before it’s gone.”

The harsh light illuminated the disaster in merciless detail. The fabric of the pink shorts was stained a light brown and distended into a glossy bulge in the center, stretching up to the waistband and deep between her buttocks. There was the subtle but distinct shape of her first, solid log, surrounded by the softer masses that had followed and filled every available inch of her shorts. And all of it was soaked and still dripping from the torrent of pee that her aching bladder had released. It was vile. It was intimate to the core. It was a display that shattered every boundary of what had been seen in streaming before.

Daniel let out a choked, guttural sound. It was too much. The combination of her shameless presentation, the absurd perversity of the situation, and the overwhelming visual confirmation pushed him over the edge. His body convulsed, his back arched in the chair, and with a hot, pulsing rush, his seed spilled over his fist and his groin. It wasn’t an intense climax anymore, but a kind of spasmodic, exhausted ejection, accompanied by a feeling of deep, almost numbing emptiness. He trembled all over, eyes fixed on the illuminated, stained fabric on his screen.

As he came to, he was panting. On the stream, Squirrel was still wearing that tired, lopsided smile. “Okay, guys. That’s it. Thanks for watching. And… well. Thanks for the donations, I guess.” She gave a shy wave. “Until next time. Maybe… maybe just pee holding next time.”

She ended the stream. The window went black, showing only the offline image and the title, which now seemed like a prophetic warning.

Silence. Absolute silence, broken only by the whirring PC and Daniel’s heavy breathing. He sank back into his chair, completely spent, his body feeling as if it had been put through a wringer. His thoughts raced, unable to process what he had just experienced. It was as if he had peered into a forbidden, deep chasm and seen something that would change him forever.

His gaze automatically drifted to the other stream windows he had neglected. The “8 Hours Challenge” streamer—a girl with blue hair—was curled up on her chair, hands buried between her legs, crying softly. She hadn’t lasted two hours. A large, dark puddle was spreading under her gaming chair. It was a familiar, almost boring sight now.

The “Desperate Princess” had been offline for a while. She had probably lost her battle too, alone and unobserved.

None of it touched him anymore. It was as if he had summited a mountain and was now looking down at the small hills below. The pee-holding trend that had sent him into ecstasy just hours ago suddenly seemed tame, almost childish. He had seen something else. Something rawer, truer. Something that wasn't just about control and its loss, but about the pure, unvarnished materiality of the body, about its innermost self being dragged out into the open.

Slowly, with stiff fingers, he closed the other streams. The silence of his room felt almost oppressive. After a moment, his fingers started typing as if through a will of their own: “poop holding stream”, “no shit challenge”, “twitch bathroom denial”.

There were results, but not many. A few daring, amateurish streams with almost no viewers. A forum post asking if this could be “the next big thing.” A video clip of an Asian streamer who claimed to have lasted a week, but it seemed fake.

ShySquirrel42 had been a pioneer. A serendipitous, unknowing pioneer. But she had planted a seed. Daniel felt it in his bones. This was not some ephemeral fad. This was something new, emerging organically from the deepest, darkest corners of the internet, born out of some collective, primal desire. And he had been there to witness its birth. Its Big Bang.

A new sensation filled him, burning away the exhaustion from before: a sense of anticipation. Ravenous, impatient anticipation. If ShySquirrel did it… how many other girls would follow suit? Driven by a desire for attention, donations, the chat’s ecstatic feedback, or their own, dark appetites? How far would they be willing to go? What new “challenges” would they invent? His head started spinning at the thought of what the future might hold.

His eyes glanced at the clock in the corner of his screen. 4:37 AM. Just outside, a universe away, a new day would soon dawn. A normal person would’ve fallen asleep, utterly exhausted. Would’ve been asleep for many hours. But Daniel felt more awake than ever before. He leaned back, his hands clasped behind his head. His face no longer betraying a tired smile, but the focused, cold expression of a collector who just discovered the first specimen of a beautiful new species.

Daniel refreshed the list of streams. Dozens had gone live within the last half hour alone. His wandering gaze was immediately glued to one of the titles in front of him: „24h NO BATHROOM AT ALL – Pee, Poop, Everything stays IN. Let’s break the internet.“ A girl with a confident expression on her face was looking at the camera provocatively.

Daniel smiled. A slow, triumphant smile. The night was over, but a new era had begun.

