Dutch story marijke in the traffic jam

Author: holding84

*000*2026-03-26 22:39

Marijke had been stuck in a traffic jam for hours. The highway had turned into a parking lot due to some accident further down the road, and her bladder had been ringing the alarm louder and louder the whole time. At first, she had been able to ignore it, but after two hours, every bump in the road felt like a small torture. She squeezed her legs tightly together and sighed deeply when she finally saw a gas station sign looming.

“Finally,” she mumbled with relief, as she steered her car onto the exit. She parked hastily, grabbed her bag, and walked as fast as she could without waddling too conspicuously to the toilets on the side of the building.

There hung a large sign: “Pick up toilet key at cashier.”

Marijke groaned softly. Of course. She turned around and walked inside. The line at the checkout was longer than she had hoped: a truck driver paying for a huge cup of coffee, a family picking out snacks and drinks, and an older man meticulously counting coins. She stood shifting from one leg to the other, occasionally pressing her hands discreetly against her lower abdomen. The pressure was truly unbearable now. Her bladder felt like a tightly filled balloon about to burst.

After what seemed like an eternity, it was finally her turn. The cashier looked at her with a bored expression.

“Key for the toilet, please,” said Marijke with a strained smile.

The woman rummaged in a drawer for a moment and slid a large, plastic key with a huge label attached across the counter. “Here. Don’t forget to return it.”

“Thank you,” Marijke mumbled. She snatched the key and walked back outside as fast as she could, her steps small and stiff. Her muscles ached from the constant tensing. She put the key in the lock, pushed the door open, and slipped into the cubicle. With trembling hands, she locked the door. Finally alone. She took off her coat, hung it on the hook, and stood in front of the toilet. Her fingers flew to the zipper of her tight jeans.

But it was stuck.

She tugged at it. Nothing. She tried again, harder, while squeezing her thighs together with her other hand. The zipper didn't budge a millimeter. It seemed as if the fabric had gotten caught on the teeth somewhere.

“No… no, no, no,” she whispered in panic. She wriggled with both hands, pulled the pants down at the waist, but the zipper remained stuck fast. Her bladder was now pulsating violently, a sharp, burning pressure that filled her entire lower body.

A small, warm drop escaped. She felt it seep into her underwear. Marijke gasped for breath and squeezed even harder, but her muscles were tired. She had waited too long.

Another small trickle. And another. She felt the warmth spread through the fabric of her panties. Her legs trembled.

“I can’t… I can’t hold it anymore…”

With a final, desperate attempt, she yanked at the zipper, but it was too late. Her bladder gave up. A hot, powerful stream shot into her pants. She felt the urine penetrate her panties, run down her legs, and seep into her shoes. The sound of peeing was unmistakable in the silent cubicle: a loud, persistent splash that was caught in the fabric of her pants and leaked through them.

Marijke stood there, her hands still on her zipper, her face bright red with shame and relief at the same time. The warmth spread over her buttocks, her thighs, and into her socks. She couldn't stop. It just kept coming, for minutes on end it seemed, while she watched helplessly as a puddle formed on the tiled floor around her feet.

When it finally stopped, she stood there, panting. Her pants were soaked, darkly stained from her crotch to halfway down her legs. The smell of warm urine filled the small cubicle.

She closed her eyes and leaned her forehead against the cold door.

“What a day…” she whispered softly.

Now she had to figure out how to get back to the car like this. And how on earth she would ever get that zipper undone.
