Dutch story Marijke in the elevator

Author: holding84

*000*2026-03-26 22:50

@@The next day, Marijke still felt the shame of the gas station incident, but her bladder seemed determined not to give her any rest. She had drunk a lot of water all day because she felt dehydrated after the long traffic jam, and now, on her way home, the need was extremely high again.

She parked her car in the underground garage of her apartment building and got out quickly. Her legs were tightly squeezed together as she walked to the elevator. Her bladder was so full that every step caused a sharp stab. She pressed the button impatiently, and when the elevator doors opened, she slipped inside and immediately pressed 10.

The elevator began to rise slowly. Marijke leaned against the wall, her hands pressed discreetly against her lower abdomen. She wobbled from one leg to the other. “Just a little longer… just a little longer,” she whispered to herself.

On the ninth floor, the elevator suddenly began to shake. A loud beep sounded, and then it stopped. The lights on the display flashed and went out. Complete silence.

“No… no, this can’t be true,” Marijke mumbled. Her heart began to beat faster. She pressed all the buttons a few times in desperation, but nothing happened. Then she saw the red emergency button. With trembling fingers, she pressed it.

A crackling voice came through the intercom: “Hello? Elevator breakdown, what is going on?”

Marijke’s voice was high and tense. “Hello? I am stuck in the elevator on my way to the tenth floor. I… I really need to go to the toilet. Could you please hurry? It really is an emergency.”

The man on the other end sighed. “Madam, we already have a report. The technician is on his way, but he is currently stuck in traffic. It will take at least an hour before he gets here. Maybe a little longer. Try to stay calm.” “An hour?!” Marijke’s voice broke. “I can’t make it! I’m about to burst, please, you don’t understand. I have to pee *now*. Can’t you send someone sooner? I really can’t hold it any longer…”

“Madam, I understand that it is unpleasant, but we cannot perform miracles. Stay calm, we will be here as soon as possible. Try to find a distraction or something.”

The call was disconnected.

Marijke stared at the intercom. An hour. At least an hour. Her bladder pulsed painfully, as if there were a stone in her lower abdomen that was getting heavier and heavier. She squeezed her thighs tightly together, bent forward, and pressed both hands hard into her crotch. Tears welled up in her eyes.

The pain became unbearable. Her muscles trembled from holding it in for hours. First came a small, warm leak. She felt it penetrate her panties. Then another. And another.

“No… please not again,” she sobbed softly. Tears now rolled down her cheeks. She cried out of sheer despair and pain as she leaned against the elevator wall. Her legs trembled violently. Another trickle escaped, longer this time. The warmth spread through her underwear.

“I can’t… I really can’t anymore…”

With a long, trembling sigh, she lost control completely. A hot, powerful stream shot into her pants. She felt the urine penetrate the fabric of her jeans, flow down her thighs, and run into her shoes. The sound was loud in the silent elevator: a persistent, splashing sound as her pants turned dark from her crotch to her knees. A large puddle slowly formed on the elevator floor, glistening beneath the emergency light.

Marijke stood there crying, her hands still between her legs, while the warm urine kept coming. Her entire pants were soaked; the smell of ammonia filled the small space. She couldn't stop, even though she wanted to. Her bladder emptied completely, for minutes, until only a few final drops remained.

When it was finally over, she slowly sank to her knees, sitting in her own puddle on the elevator floor. Her pants and panties were completely soaked, as were her socks and shoes. She hid her face in her hands and continued crying softly.

“Why does this keep happening to me…” she whispered between sobs.

Outside the elevator, she could vaguely hear voices and sounds from the building, but for the time being, she was stuck here. Soaked, ashamed, and waiting for the mechanic who would keep her waiting for at least another hour.
