Scarlet’s Close-calls

Author: HissGenerator

*000*2026-04-06 01:53

This is a very short story. They are intentionally short because I’d like to post several, as a series called ‘Scarlet’s Close-calls’.

“So crazy, Katy! Yesterday, I left work in such a rush, because Johnathan said he couldn’t remember if he left the stove on or off, I totally forgot that I had to go.”, Scarlet suddenly turned to her friend in the cafe patio.

“Hahaha, the man is such a bozo—“, Katy gave her typical hearty chuckle.

“—Okay, and yes, yes, but Kay, I swear.. I almost pissed myself over a fucking stove!”, she interjected.

“Oh no.. and you had to go, too? Johnathan must be snuffed out Scar..”, she mused.

“Okay, listen, listen.. it was so fucking bad that my hand was swallowed up like my leggings were a blackhole, just squirming during my drive; I swear I could swing the car over one of its sides, and then a drop kissed my pad and I knew I was at the end—you know I fucking did? Oh my gosh, this is so fucking embarrassing, don’t tell anyone please, I quickly parked and opened my trunk and grabbed the spare adult diapers—“, she blurts out.

Katy gasps, covering her mouth, “—you did not!”

“I fuckin’ did!”, Scarlet nods her head in a circle and points at her, “I went back to my seat, made sure the coast was clear, pulled my shit down, and diapered my 26-year-old ass up, and pulled my leggings back up, and just.. straight rush of gush the moment my hips plopped in my seat. I swear.. Kay.. just straight audible hissing and it got louder because of how quick I was filling it up. Like for a moment I thought it was gonna start leaking because it filled all the way up the front! Just using the toilet right there, steering wheel inches away, no shame!”, she starts chuckling out of how ridiculous she realized she might sound.

“It didn’t leak?—and ew, Scar—“, Katy shakes her head.

“—Hey, it was either that or flooding my car seat. It miraculously didn’t. But it was a lot.. like it was as if someone teleported a hot pool down there.. and TMI, but it did make me all breathy and flustered and “noisy”—yes, I’ll use that word—and weirdly enough made my nips perky.. but that’s typical for relief, I guess.”, she sways it away with her hand at Katy.

“So, you basically, a grown adult, went in a diaper.”, Katy summarized.

Scarlet open grins, and nods, “Yeah, basically.. when I got home, I checked the stove and it was off. Fucking Johnathan!”, she shakes her head in feigned dismay and slight annoyance.

“Wow, another close-call..”, Katy adds.

“Hahaha, yeah. Johnathan almost made me ruin my car. When he got home, I threw the diaper in his face.”, she casually says.

“Ewwwah, Scar, you really—?”, Katy gets grossed out.

“—Fuck no, Kay, but I wish I had!”, she interjects.

“Well, it’s great that I wasn’t there..”, Katy scoffs.

“Yeah..”, Scarlet sighs.

