The Bad Habit - An Extreme Omorashi Story

Author: OmoEnthusiast6

*000*2026-04-05 22:42

Characters:

Nadia Vanessa Reid - 20 Years Old, Female, loves to hold, huge bladder (1.89L limit)

Occupation: Head Nurse

Kara Daniella - 21 Years Old, Female, medium bladder (824ml limit)

Occupation: Lawyer

Nadia has lived with her roommate Kara for 6 years, and they've been through a lot together. The two girls lived in a penthouse in the city (Because of their high paying jobs). Nadia's love for holding first started at college when she was denied relief for the whole day.

FLASHBACK:

8:55 AM

Nadia: "Kara, are you done in there yet? My lecture is in five minutes, and I haven't peed since we left!" (Nadia is at 578ml or 6/10)

Kara: "Hold on Nadia, I'm still putting on makeup, and remember, you recommended makeup to me and I'm trying it for the first time!"

Nadia: "Just... Ugh, fine, take your time, Kara. I'll be heading to my lecture. I just hope I can hold it."

Kara: "What was that?"

Nadia: "Nothing, nothing."

9:00AM

Nadia drank all her water during the lecture, usually to keep focus. Her bottle was empty, but Nadia isn't. (+750ml)

Nadia (In her mind): "Okay, the bathroom should be free by now... Right?"

Sure enough, the bathroom had a long line.

Nadia: "That's a long line... Very. Could I even find another bathroom?" (Nadia is at 876ml or 8/10)

Spoiler alert, she couldn't. So for the whole day, Nadia helped out a lot of people with a bladder close to her limit

3:00 PM

Nadia: "P-please... I have to pee so bad... Nnn, toilet..." (Nadia is at 1.2L or 11/10)

Alicia: "Nadia, can you help me with something?"

Nadia (Putting on a casual façade) : "Nnnghh, S-sure thing!"

For the next 6 hours, Nadia did not go to the bathroom and back at home...

Nadia: "Nnngh... Mmm.. Ahh, toilet, bottle... ANYTHING... Bladder... bulging..." (Nadia is at 1.847L or 15/10)

"F-finally..."

When Nadia tried the handle, Kara was inside, taking a hot bath.

Nadia: No... Nononono.. K-KARA, COME OUT OF THERE!!!! PLEASE... I HAVEN'T PEED FOR THE WHOLE DAY!! *spurt* Ahh~ No, no, no... *big spurt* F-fuckkk~~~ Ahh, no!

Kara (Relaxed): "Mmm, What was that Nadia?"

Nadia (heavily leaking): "I can't... *trickle* Ah~ No!! Kara, please... I can't do it anymore..."

Nadia's bladder gave up, she was right outside of the bathroom.

Nadia (fully releasing): "N-NO- Hhhhhaahhhhhh~~~ Ooohhhhmigoshhh... Ohhh... I needed this so badly... Fuckkkk~~~ *her eyes widened* ...Mmmm, I might've just came a little... I'm sorry." (Nadia is at a 0/10)

Kara: "Nadia, all yours- WOAH!! You weren't kidding..."

Nadia: "D-don't bother... It felt amazing anyways. "

Kara: I'm sorry I hogged the bathroom, I should've known-

Nadia: "No need to apologize. I should've peed before anyways. Plus... It felt amazing to hold that much for the whole day. My bladder was throbbing, my urethra was pulsing... In a good way. I should do it more often!"

Kara: "You're crazy, bestie."

END OF FLASHBACK

*005*2026-04-07 20:55

CHAPTER ONE: The Mall and The Movies vs The Bladder of Steel

It was a Saturday, both girls already agreed to hang out at the mall today. Kara and Nadia were choosing outfits for the day. Kara is wearing an oversized T-Shirt, black sweatpants and black lacy panties. Nadia was wearing a tank top, a leather belt, a white skirt and pink fabric panties underneath. Before they left their penthouse, Nadia, made sure to fill up her bladder as much as possible by chugging 2, 600ml bottles.

1:48 PM

Kara: "Nadiaa, ready to go?"

Nadia: "Hold on, I'm filling up a bottle of water!"

(In her mind): "Hmmm, should I pee before we leave? Nah, I'll be fine!"

Nadia: "Okay Kara, I'm ready!"

Kara: "Alright, by the way who's driving, me or-"

Nadia: "You!"

Kara: "... Oookay?"

From their penthouse to the mall was 20 minutes, it may seem close but it's a Saturday and it's in the city so chances for traffic jams are higher on weekends. In the car, Nadia chugged her refilled, 600ml water bottle.

Nadia (In her mind): "Mmmm~ Filling up very nicely... I'll be bursting in no time! The movie has the extra large size for their drinks, I'm definitely buying that!"

The girls arrived at the mall, Nadia's bladder was at 890ml/1.89L or a 5.5/10 (Fidgety).

2:08 PM

Kara: "Okay Nadia, the movie starts at 12 minutes, I'll go to the bathroom first. Can you buy snacks?? Pretty please!?"

Nadia: "Of course I will. I always do remember?"

Kara: "Thanks Nadia! You're the best!"

Nadia bought Kara a large, buttered popcorn and a bottle of water. Like what she was thinking in the car, Nadia bought herself an extra large iced tea and didn't hesitate to drink it immediately, after all, free refills!

Nadia: "Okay, the popcorn for Kara and my XL iced tea for me~. My bladder will be bursting in no time!"

Kara: "Thank you Nadia!! You remembered I love buttered popcorn! Thank you bestie!"

14:30 PM

Nadia: "Don't mention it, now come on, the movie is gonna start!"

The next hour, Nadia was restless, all the water began to rush into her bladder, she's at 1,58L/1.89L or 8/10 (Very Desperate).

Nadia's belt was torturing her bladder so good, she can't help but spread her legs, adding more pressure to her bladder. Nadia was getting close to her limit, she knows it.

Nadia (whispering): "All that water and the iced tea... I'm starting to feel soo desperate. I hope Kara doesn't notice."

3:48 PM

Nadia's bladder was bulging profusely, it was huge and rock hard. She's past her physical limit, she's at 2.16L/1.89 or 11/10 (Absolutely bursting).

Nadia (softly): Mmmmhhh... Ahh~ Fuuuckkk~ I'm bursting and I'm stilling filling up... P-please, What I would do just to let a spurt out on the floor right now... My urethra opening up, releasing the ocean inside me... Mmmm~ It would feel so fucking good~ My belt is so tight too... My bladder is being crushed. I can probably manage...

4:00 PM

Nadia is at a point where her bladder is begging to pee, even soaking her pink panties are an option to Nadia. Worst of all, she agreed to go shopping with Kara... With a bladder of 2.9L/1.89L and 15/10 (Absolute Bladder Torture)

Nadia: "K-Kara... Where do you- Hnnn~ Where do you wanna shop first?"

Kara: "I wanna shop for.... Clothes!"

Nadia: "S-sure!"

(In her mind): "Ahhh~ No! Nonono... Clothes!? It'll take so long, Nadia wants to pee! Not shop!! Ahh~~ Please make it... Wait... Nadia can pee in the fitting room!"

Kara: "Yay!! Okay, follow me!"

Kara pulled Nadia on her arm, Nadia's free hand pushing on her poor vagina, begging to pee.

Nadia: "P-please... Not too hard... Nadia can't hold it..."

Kara didn't hear any of that, she's too enthusiastic to do so. Nadia let out a choked sob, she just wants to pee... At the clothing store, Nadia went to the fitting room, lifting her skirt and pulling her panties aside, very hesitant to let go in a fitting room.

4:08PM

Nadia: "Relax... Please, Nadia can't hold it for long!! Ahhh~ Please- ah... Just pee! Nadia wants to pee!!"

Soon enough, Nadia let out a massive, hot spurt of clear urine.

Nadia: "Hhhhahhh~~ Even one spurt it feels so good~"

Nadia began to pee, moaning in absolute bliss.

Nadia: "Hahhhhhh~ Ahhhhh~~ So good... So good... Ahhhhahhh~

Kara: "Nadia, I'm done!"

Nadia (stopping midstream): "No... Nonono, it wasn't enough, Nadia still needs to pee... Nadia want pee... 3 seconds wasn't enough!"

After a slight release, it did nothing, Nadia was still at 1.97L/1.89 and still at 15/10... As more time passes, Nadia's bladder was reaching it's peak and at 2.89L... Nadia was begging for a break, she can't walk properly, she walked so slowly because one wrong move she floods her panties...

6:45 PM

Nadia: "Hnnnghh~~ I can't- N-no!! Kara!! KARA!! Please... Nadia can't handle this anymore, it's torture for Nadia's bladder... Please- Hhhahh~ Nghh, Nadia want to pee!!!"

Kara: "Nadia, why didn't you tell me earlier? Your bladder is huge! Okay, we'll get you to a bathroom okay? It's just upstairs-"

Nadia: "N-no!! Nadia can't make it upstairs, Nadia needs to pee NOW!!! Bottle, ground, panties anywhere!! P-please... Nadia want to pee so bad!"

Kara: "Okay, we'll find a place... The parking lot? It's close, just by the corner. You can make it Nadia, you're a good girl. Come on, follow me."

Nadia followed so slowly, her urethra was pulsing so much it's a miracle her panties aren't soaked... She was at 3.97L/1.89L 17/10 (Overload)

Nadia: "Pee... Pee so close... Ahhnnn~! Nadia can make it... Nadia is a good girl... Hnnngh~~ Pee, now... Can't hold it... Can't hold it can't hold it!! Kara, Nadia wants to pee NOW!!! Ahh~ Ahhahh~ P-please, where can I pee!? Nadia can't hold it, she wants to pee NOW!!! Please, hot pee releasing will feel so good, where can Nadia pee!?!?"

Kara: "Here, Nadia-"

Nadia didn't hesitate, she pulled her panties aside, her skirt up, squatting and spreading her legs wide open and finally... Nadia exploded.

Nadia: HHAHHHHHH~~~ HAHHH YESSS~~~ OHHHH~ Fuckkkkkk yessss~~ Ahhhhh.... Kuhahhhhhhh~~ So good... Feels so good...

Kara didn't even get a chance to look away, the torrent was so powerful it shot so far...

Kara (flustered): "I'll keep guard... Wow."

Nadia: "Hahhh~~ Fuck yes! I needed this so bad... Hahhhhh~~ Mmmm~ so nice... Hot pee finally leaving my poor bladder~ I came a little too~ Hahhh yess... So good..."

After 3 minutes of pure release, Nadia finally finished.

Nadia: "Thank you Kara! You helped me so much... Come on, I wanna go home."

Kara: "Of course... I was so flustered, you didn't give me time to look away, bestie!"

Nadia (sultry): Mmm, Like what you saw?~

Kara: "Sorry, sorry I'm not a perv, I swear!!"

The girls drove back to their penthouse, the mall's parking lot has a section which was soaked concrete because of one girl. Kara was flustered, Nadia was relieved and teasing.

END OF CHAPTER 1

Fun Nadia Fact: Nadia begs like a little child either if she's bursting to go and can't hold it anymore, or she wants to tease others.

