A mage's mishap (Based on art by AvalonHarpy)

Author: koraidon

*000*2026-03-01 07:02

Hiiii! I decided to stop lurking here and actually post. This is a small story based on a piece of artwork

Done by @AvalonHarpy

Because, honestly, cute mage boy attempting to hide just how much he needs relief? Delicious. I should also clarify that this is my first attempt ever at writing anything even slightly NSFW, and that English isn't my first language. Let's hope that with practice I get better at both.

- “I’ll be fine. I’ll be fine. Deep breaths, Nahrune. You got this” - The young mage’s thoughts were becoming more and more frantic by the minute. It was taking all of his willpower to not bolt away to where prying eyes wouldn’t see. Even more willpower was required to not cross his legs or squirm uncontrollably. However, he gulped, swallowing his discomfort, and simply spoke, trying not to let his voice shake: - “...where to now?... I’ll be… right behind you”

It had been not even twenty minutes since he had been rescued by a ragtag pair of wannabe adventurers. The spellcaster had sneaked away into the depths of the forest surrounding his home village, eager to try out a spell he had found on an old, worn-out scroll. It had taken many tries to get the incantation just right, and he had to replenish his mana reserves a few times by downing bland-tasting, yet powerful potions. At first he had welcomed their refreshing feeling, but by the end of his practice, he was practically forcing them down. Of course, the potions did more than just replenish Nahrune’s mana. He was no stranger to the discomfort on his lower abdomen. 

During his youth, many restless afternoons had been spent waiting for the archmage to dismiss him from his education duties, and as such, he had built up quite the resilience to this unfortunate fact of nature. Still, he’d rather get rid of the displeasing feeling, and as such, he had ventured deeper into the forest, looking for a place away from the narrow, winding roads that cut throughout the grove, used by merchant travelers and ordinary passersby alike. He had found a promising spot, near some bushes, overlooking a small, yet rough stream of water. As he gave a small look around, to be extra careful that nobody would see him, he was suddenly frozen in place by a foul smell, before a heavy fabric bag was placed over his head and he was unceremoniously dragged away.

Nahrune kicked and squirmed inside the bag, both to attempt to break free and to avoid soaking his pants with all the jostling and bumping of his turbulent impromptu trip. As his mysterious captor tossed him on cold ground, he found himself giving a quick prayer: - “Thank the Goddess the trip was short. And may she guide me out of this situation”. His hope was short lived, as a thick length of fiber rope was tied around his ankles, which were very slightly outside of the sack he was brought on. After a delicate hand made sure the knot was tight and secure, he felt himself be picked up again, before being put down what he estimated was a few meters away. 

Finally, he felt a soft hand rest on his shoulders, and the bag came off. Standing in front of him, the first thing he saw was a woman, dressed in a dark purple robe, with snake-like green eyes which seemed to wander all over his small frame. The woman walked away ceremoniously, before making a move that alerted Nahrune to his surroundings. She slid a series of bars on rails from her left to her right, trapping Nahrune in a small cave. He was a prisoner. Not like he could escape anyways, with his ankles tied together, but now he was really trapped. And worst of all, he had to pee.

The minutes seemed to pass slow as a glacier as Nahrune attempted not to squirm or fidget, despite how much he was tempted to rub his thighs together or jam a hand between his legs. He didn’t want to give even a single sign of weakness to his mysterious captor, who seemed to be paying no mind to him, with her back turned to him, examining Nahrune’s staff very closely. She seemed intrigued by the runic symbols carved on its elderwood handle, ignoring Nahrune’s desperate plight. The young mage’s legs were pressed together so tightly, it seemed like not even a gust of wind could pass between them. His captor stood up from the desk she was at, and slowly turned away from his staff, and towards him. She spoke coarsely, as if her words were tainted with venom. - “What’s your name, mage?”

Nahrune looked up at her from his sitting position, his eyes full of doubt. - “I-I don’t have to tell you a-anything!”

The woman seemed to stifle a laugh, as her eyes lit up with amusement: - “Suit yourself, I just wanted to know what I should write on your gravestone” Nahrune’s eyes widened in panic at her words, yet she gave a dismissive wave: - “I’m joking, little mage. I’m not interested in killing you. But you have quite the interesting artifact here” - she gestured at his staff -”If you ask me, it’s being wasted on such a low-rate spellcaster. But the things I could do with this”

Nahrune didn’t answer. No point in attempting to defend his honor when he had been caught, quite literally, with his pants down. Speaking of, the urge had gone from “dull” to “pressing”, and he found his hand subconsciously hovering around his crotch area. When he realized what he was doing, he jolted his hand away. Unfortunately, the sudden movement seemed to call the attention of his captor, who snickered to herself: - “Oh, yeah. I did catch you while you were taking care of important business. I almost forgot about that. 

Well, I suppose if you’re not a good mage, you might as well train your willpower” were her words, said in a mocking tone. Nahrune shifted his eyes away, embarrassed, and focused his sight on the cave wall to his right, trying to avoid eye contact as much as possible. Even so, he felt his cheeks burn up, and a small bead of sweat roll down the back of his neck. He simply focused all his energy and willpower on keeping himself shut, no matter how much his bladder protested, no matter how much he felt that pulsing on his member. He had to keep some of his dignity. 

So Nahrune attempted, unsuccessfully, to distract himself, to think of something, anything else. Yet the feeling of urgency had gone from “making itself known” to “screaming” Even during his academy days, Nahrune failed to recall any past time where the need to pee had been this overwhelming. His sense of shame gone, he jammed a hand in between his thighs, squeezing his member with his palm and fingertips. The urge subsided in an almost imperceptible way, yet he felt slightly more at ease. He had bought a few more minutes.

As Nahrune shifted from side to side and his thighs rubbed against each other like they were two sticks attempting to start a fire, he was distracted from his frantic train of thought by a rustling sound coming from the mouth of the cave. There, where before there was only his captor, there were three people. The mysterious purple-robed women seemed to be in the middle of a heated discussion with a copper-haired woman in full armor plate, wielding a large broadsword, and a scrawny dark-haired man holding a caduceus staff and draped in intricate robes. Nahrune was trying extremely hard to overhear, but between the distance, and the distraction currently nagging at him, he could only make out certain words. 

What he understood, however, was that the conversation was turning very sour, which only became accented when the woman drew her sword and pointed the tip at his captor, and the man held up his staff. His captor attempted to get into what seemed like a fighting stance, but she suddenly moved her hands to the ground, and a cloud of dark smoke and purple lightning enveloped her. When the smoke cleared, she wasn’t there anymore. Nahrune took this as an opportunity to make his presence known. With all the strength he could muster, he shouted for help, and the pair immediately noticed. They trotted over to where Nahrune was sitting. The woman spoke first - “What’s your name, young mage? I’m Mitchelle, from the Glinyi adventuring guild. This here is Macyas, a priest of the church of Narchwiz. Don’t worry. We’re here to help”

- “N-nahrune. I’m Nahrune. Graduated from the Wahjan Magic Institute”

- “Wahjan? Then you’re an ally. Macyas! You’re good at lock stuff, right? Get him out of this cage”

The priest nodded and kneeled down next to the keyhole, picking at it with a set of thin metal instruments. He seemed to be getting frustrated as he failed to crack the lock open, which was agonizing for Nahrune, as he saw how the relief he craved more than anything continued to draw out longer and longer. He had to make a considerable effort to not leak when the “clang” sound confirmed that Macyas had been successful at picking the lock, which Mitchelle slid open, before heading inside and untying Nahrune’s ankles. 

As the young mage stood up gingerly, he subtly noticed the very slight bump on his abdomen: Truly, his bladder had never been this full. He wanted to dash to a corner of the cave, to finally get rid of this horrible, torturous pressure. But something persuaded him not to. These people had called him an ally. They seemed to hold him in high regard. What kind of first impression would that be, running off to pee like a schoolboy who couldn’t handle himself? He’d hold it until he was back home, and then, he’d finally get his relief.

“Kanixcha, that witch. She got away again” was the annoyed grumble of Macyas, before turning towards Nahrune: - “We’ve been after this sorceress for quite a few months now. There’s a reward of seven thousand fullpieces for her capture back at Glinyi. I really thought we had her”

Nahrune nodded: -”Seven thousand? That’s aristocrat money. Someone high up must really hate her”

- “Honestly that’s a beggar’s change compared to what she’s stolen in magic artifacts. She’s a slippery one, that witch”

Nahrune nodded, before awkwardly shuffling towards Kanixcha’s desk, careful not to show any discomfort. There, he picked up his staff, thankfully still in one piece, before turning to the two adventurers: - “I owe you my life. I’ll… I’ll be going on my way. If you ever need me, I live in Neidsburg. I’m in your debt” - he attempted to turn to leave, but before he could, he was stopped by Mitchelle’s voice, full of excitement: “That staff… you probably have a few tricks up your sleeve. We could use your help. There’s this magically sealed gate a few miles from here. I bet you could open it. Don’t worry, if there’s treasure, we’ll let you keep a part of it”

The last thing Nahrune wanted was to get sidetracked before finally, finally, getting his relief. But he did kinda owe it to these two. So, he gingerly placed a hand over his crotch, without actually grabbing, and sighed: - “...where to now?... I’ll be… right behind you”

And as such, Nahrune was now trudging behind the two adventurers, keeping his thighs as close together as he could, attempting to ignore the fact that the sloshing in his lower abdomen had stopped, which must mean that his bladder couldn’t hold another drop inside it, attempting to ignore the heavy throbbing in his bladder, the fact that every step, a stream attempted to escape, the fact that he had to pee so goddess-damn bad. He simply walked, mouth tightly closed, hands gripping his staff so hard, it seemed like he was afraid it would fly away. Bladder throbbing, thighs rubbing together. It must’ve been obvious just how bad he needed a restroom.

However, the two adventurers didn’t seem to notice. As he took another step, he froze. His entire body tensed up, and he almost died of embarrassment when he felt a short, harsh stream of pee escape his tip, splattering against the beige fabric of his pants. He very gingerly separated his thighs, seeing a small wet patch on the inside of his leg. Another spurt attempted to escape. It seemed like his bladder had tasted relief, and wanted more. Nahrune very quickly pressed a hand against his crotch. He avoided the spurt from escaping, but this time the pressure didn’t subside, as his thighs shifted and his body shook. He was on his last legs.

Nahrune gingerly took another step, and again a spurt threatened to release. A drop actually did, rolling down his thigh. He remained frozen in place, thighs closed together, grinding his teeth, closing his eyes with fury, putting every single bit of energy in his exhausted bladder and his small body towards keeping in this inevitable flood. A small spurt escaped, then a bigger one, and then there was no more energy, no more willpower to contain the boiling-hot ocean that had manifested itself on Nahrune’s bladder. He involuntarily released, his pants staining a dark beige, the patter of the high.pressure stream crashing against the fabric, the sheer relief of this release bringing him down to his knees, as he panted with his mouth open like a dog on a hot day, absolutely overwhelmed by the bliss of finally peeing. It wasn’t how he had planned it, or how he wanted it to be, but he was getting relief. And goddess did he need it.

Macyas and Mitchelle turned towards him. They weren’t sure what they were expecting, what they believed that noise behind them to be. But they surely didn’t expect this. Nahrune’s cheeks burned a furious red as he continued to empty himself onto his clothes, taken aback by the relief, breathing heavily, shaking all over. The stream showed no signs of subsiding, and didn’t do so for at least a minute. It finally began to taper off, still coming out with quite considerable pressure. As the stream finally slowed down, as Nahrune finally caught his breath, as the true weight of what had just happened settled on him, he turned away mortified, attempting to not show the beginnings of teardrops on his eyes. As if crying could be more humiliating than what he’d already done.

The seemingly endless silence was finally cut by Mitchelle, who struggled to find the right words, before finally settling on: - “You should have told us if you needed to… uh… take a break”

Nahrune didn’t answer. It seemed like he wanted to crawl into himself, to just disappear.

Macyas joined in: “Yeah. What she said. We would’ve waited as much as you needed us to”

An irrational anger took over Nahrune - “Shut up! Shut the fuck up! You probably think I'm pathetic now! You surely don’t want me or my help now. Who would want a mage who fucking pisses himself?”

Mitchelle seemed to ponder Nahrune’s words, before finally speaking: -”Why do you think that? You’re a mage. You’re a valuable addition to any adventuring party. Hell, I’ve pissed myself probably a couple times, and swordspeople are a dime a dozen. Yet I’m still here. Even so, i understand if you don’t want to come with us. We should’ve been more attentive and understanding”

Nahrune pondered Mitchelle’s words, before slowly getting up from his puddle on the dirt road, his pants soaked, his cheeks a furious crimson, his breath still ragged. He relaxed the grip on his staff, and began walking ahead of Mitchelle and Macyas. The priest tapped him on the shoulder, before saying: - “Hey. I- I think Neidsburg is the opposite way”

Nahrune looked at him, determined “Who said I’m heading for Neidsburg? I have a gate to open”

*002*2026-03-23 22:53

{{On 3/11/2026 at 9:23 PM, AvalonHarpy said:

Oh my goddd this is so good!

And you nailed Nahrune's personality too!

}}

AAAAA thankyouuuuu I really didn't know if I should post this bc since my account is new I couldn't DM you to ask for permission but I'm so glad you liked it! I hope you post more art of him in the future bc he's so cute!

