Sachiko Fujiwara In: A Princess Never Needs to do "That", Absolutely Not!

Author: Impressa

*000*2026-03-21 21:31

Well I've posted a few stories here before but now it's time for something a bit more ambitious, a shoujo epic of one very unlucky ojou-sama who just can't catch a break whether it's in class, on her family yacht or at the cultural festival.

This is chapter 1, and I have plans for several others:

___

Episode 1 - How Things Began, Or A Long Day At Nakagawa-Suiren Academy

As per normal the morning air was disturbed by loud, high-pitched laughter coming from the student council offices of Nakagawa-Suiren’s white-walled buildings. One of the most exclusive schools in the area, it was currently (somewhat) under the thumb of one girl who had forced her way in charge and refused to back down.

“Oh-ho-ho-ho, really? Is that really all you have brought? Are you sure that’s going to suffice? This is going to be a particularly comprehensively attended meeting, I’m sure of it. And it wouldn’t do for us to run short of things, would it?” A tall girl with long hair in tight ringlets cast her (slightly too angular) nose to the air and threw a dismissive hand in front of her mouth before letting out another peal of derision. “But ah well, I suppose none of you mere… students know how a princess would entertain guests. Oh-ho-ho-ho, yes, a princess like me. No. It won’t do. Take it back.”

The flustered girl who had presented a tray of cakes and tea bowed and tried to apologise. She herself was normally no shrinking violet, being the daughter of a somewhat eminent businessman, a concert violinist and adept of the arts of flower-arranging, but in terms of force of personality nothing could stand up to “Princess” Sachiko Fujiwara, student council president, daughter of some kind of dignitary so important she had never deigned to say who he actually was and all around empress of the school.

“Right. Who else has suggestions? Supplies? Something to occupy my time? I can have green tea any day, straight from Uji if I wish, I’m not interested in whatever you bought at the convenience store this morning Himemiya.” Himemiya, the suitably dressed-down girl who had offered the tea, scowled at her upperclassman. That tea was from a rather good department store. “Well if there’s nothing else I’ll have to do it myself. Minamori?” A woman in a maid’s outfit appeared as if from nowhere and bowed.

“Madam?”

“Fetch the chocolats Father brought back from his visit to Europe and the cafe from wherever it was. Some country I can’t recall. Oh and a little of that strawberry cordial we made back in the greenhouse at home.” Fujiwara hadn’t actually made the cordial. Her maid, Minamori, had. “I can’t possibly make a poor showing for the student council today of all days.”

___

The time for the meeting came.

“Ahem.” Sachiko Fujiwara stood up, coughed once, then sat down again and picked up a small china cup of espresso. Everyone else at the table bowed. “Right. Well. This meeting.” More coffee. “As you all know we- I have been tasked with planning this fine school’s open day for new students this year and as your most generous leader I am extending a first-hand role in planning it to all of you fine members of the student council. So, does anyone have any ideas?”

Her command of the room was such that there was an immediate flood of suggestions, and she could basically sit back and listen, occasionally criticising or saying something was an awful idea, but mostly doing nothing. Except working her way through the coffee-pot.

“Yes, yes, a costume cafe is a fine idea, I believe I have some spare dresses we can use to ensure everyone looks suitably impressive. And yes I think we absolutely should open the rose garden and host it there. That would be wonderful. And Himemiya could play the piano like she’s so good at.”

“Ah, Miss Fujiwara? I play the violin.”

“I’m sure you do and I’m sure it sounds lovely. Anyway yes Himemiya will play piano for us. I’ll speak to my family and we can get cakes from the exclusive bakeries.”

“Ah, Miss Fujiwara? Isn’t the point of this event to show off what the students can do? Why don’t we have the home economics club make the cakes? And I can play the violin.”

“Do we want people to be impressed? I think we need the best cakes money can buy.”

Himemiya sighed, realising this was basically talking to a brick wall.

“Anyway, this has been very diverting, some of these ideas are very interesting. Help yourselves to some refreshments and I’ll write them down.” Fujiwara smiled to see her minions looking suitably mollified by the compliment.

The coffee mostly gone she looked about the food and drink table and settled on a glass of home-made lemonade. It was a quite warm day. With a leisure period next on the schedule, she let the student council file out and then moved without hesitation to the tennis-courts, changing elegantly into a short white skirt and top to see who would dare challenge her today. She was not the best tennis player at Nakagawa-Suiren, but she was also careful to never actually move in the circles of people who could beat her.

Sachiko, a lady’s schedule should glide like a swan. From one engagement to another, perfectly smoothly and with no perceptible interruptions. Her mother’s favourite phrase. And quite frankly she had been gliding very much like a swan, even if she said so herself. Breakfast at the Marquis Cafe, morning classes, the student council meeting quite ably scheduled to fill her lunch-break and amply provisioned, a pleasant game of tennis and then afternoon classes to basically just sleep through. In a ladylike fashion, of course. Being able to sleep with your eyes open, or standing up, was vitally important for surviving social functions with people you could barely tolerate.

Swans glide on water and water, in its own way, glides from the source to the sea. And Darjeeling tea at breakfast, and coffee and lemonade at lunch, and a few good draughts of water to stay refreshed during the tennis match was gliding in its own way through her. And so it was only when Sachiko was gliding with mere seconds to spare towards afternoon classes did her slight miscalculation irritate the edge of her mind. Ah. I may… No. I absolutely. Do. Not. If there was one other thing her mother repeatedly reminded her, it was that a lady would have plenty of time for bodily needs when she was at home. Or in some other private place.

___

“Can anyone field this question?” The teacher looked around the class. “There’s extra credit in it for anyone who tries.” The thought of yet more recognition was enough to rouse Fujiwara from her idling and she effortlessly raised an elegant hand. “Ah, Fujiwara?”

“I believe that says the span of time I sleep alone sighing which would make it the first line of poem 53?” Uta-Karuta was another of Fujiwara’s talents. “Ah, it’s a lovely-”

“Yes, you’re quite right. Well done Fujiwara. So as we were saying, a lot of the poems of this period are written as-” History class was one of the easiest to sleep through. The teacher was not exactly strict, and liked Fujiwara.

Oh this isn’t good. What had been a well let’s hope that I’m just imagining things kind of sensation on the way back from the changing-rooms to the history classroom had become, in the merest half an hour, a hey, Fujiwara-sama, the weir that the wind has flung over your stream is not going to stop it from flowing… Poem 32. At the very least topics that interested her could distract her. And this was the history teacher, so-

“Sensei, may I be excused?” A girl with chunky, inelegant braids and freckles was fidgeting in her seat.

“Absolutely not, Mori. Remember, we are here for only a short time that passes too quickly, so every moment before our passing must be held on to.”

“Um, sensei, I… I think the holding on part is the problem here.”

“Keep arguing with me, Mori, and you’ll be staying late tonight. Sit still.”

This conversation torpedoed any hope Fujiwara had of sweet-talking the teacher; if a direct approach from someone clearly (from her frantic body language) in extremis had been shot down in flames, trying to make some ladylike excuse to slip away on some feigned important business was not going to work. And… Urk. Fujiwara realised the next class was in the same classroom meaning she could not even let herself be “waylaid” conveniently in the direction of the lavatory while crossing the campus.

Thus began Sachiko Fujiwara’s longest day so far.

___

Fifteen Minutes Pass.

I’ve- I’m- I’ve endured worse than this before. I’m sure I have. This isn’t as bad as the time I had to go in the crowd at New Year’s when I was twelve. Mother was just as strict then and I made it back to the convenience store where we’d parked and my furisode stayed dry. While the teacher had shifted from love poetry to the trials and feats of the Genji, Fujiwara was remembering her own epic deeds of history. Mostly ones involving not wetting herself in public. No wait was that the one when I was twelve, or was that year the year I- NO FUJIWARA DON’T THINK ABOUT THAT. 

Memories, however, have a force all of their own and the happy memories of unleashing the mighty Sumida River in a cosy warm convenience store restroom after hours in the cold were flushed away by another year’s festival and a frantic barging of elbows through an unyielding crowd to try and get to the infinitely-distant shrine bathrooms only to end up getting turned around and trapped in a corner clear of people but even further away from relief. 

Of feeling, finally, the storm break and watching a slowly-clearing area of melting snow around soaked socks. Of the tears, and the journey home wearing gym clothes left in the boot of the family car. Of the punishment that came after. No pocket money for two months. No friends to visit for a month. Remembering the spreading warmth and wetness and the feeling of loss of control-

Fujiwara screamed internally as her spiralling memories of that day made her even more aware of her need right now. She leaned back in her chair, stretched back, felt another even stronger stab of desperation between her legs and creased forward to try and stem the rising pressure, knees jammed together and feet splayed like a pigeon’s.

___

Thirty minutes later. A quarter of the way into the next class.

By some miracle of self-control and lower body strength Mori had made it through history class. As had Fujiwara.

The English teacher had been possibly even less sympathetic to Mori than the history teacher, and Fujiwara’s low mood had sunk even more. Sat in the middle of the classroom she knew if she made her needs too visible her classmates would know and she could not have that. But it would be so nice to put a hand between her legs, to cross them and rub one stockinged foot against a similarly silk-clad calf. She had kicked off her brown shoes and was rubbing her feet together as the least conspicious thing she could do to keep herself occupied, wadded her skirt tightly between her thighs that were by now so crushingly pushed together one might have assumed she had chosen lifelong chastity. A bead of sweat rolled down her forehead, into the depression between her eye and nose, hovered there a little as a cool moist torment on her skin and then dripped onto the desk in front of her.

Wait. If Mori- When Mori disgraces herself in front of the class I can step in as the responsible student council president, take her to the nurse’s office and relieve myself on the way back. Oh-ho-ho-ho, Sachiko Fujiwara, you’re a genius!

It began raining, one of those sudden tropical summer showers. As heavy drops of water splashed against the window and rattled and trickled down, Fujiwara had never in her life wanted to scream more.

___

Five minutes later.

Mori stood up when it was impossible to hide what had happened any more. There was a somewhat sizeable puddle beneath her seat and she stood, head hung, waiting for her social death to come.

“Ah, sensei, let me deal with this.” Fujiwara stood up like a shot and immediately regretted it as the sudden movement jolted her bladder. “I’ll get her cleaned up and-”

“Thank you, President. Yes, please sort this. And Mori, once you’ve changed into dry clothes, fetch a cloth and clean your desk up. Then stay back and clean the floors after school.”

Part one of my plan. Great success!

Mori walked painfully slowly and Fujiwara realised if she ran too visibly ahead it would look very suspicious. So the trek to the nurse’s office was another five minutes of torture, of leading the nerdy girl in squelching, damp steps in shoes that had clearly suffered the fullest assault of the flood. And then part two of Fujiwara’s plan suddenly went crashing down in a way she could never have quite predicted.

“Ah, thank you Fujiwara. I’m so sorry, Mori. But don’t worry I’ll get some gym clothes from the sports hall. Could you wait with her? I shan’t be long.”

This was not what I planned for. There was definitely not a restroom in the nurse’s room. There was definitely not one for students nearby. There was definitely no way Fujiwara could sneak off. There was only the rain, and Mori’s despair, and the fact that by her calculations Sachiko Fujiwara had not visited a bathroom since probably 9am, and it was past three.

Well the nurse can’t take that long can she? This is just another trial. And then I’m free. I can- I can- oh I can’t not say it any more I CAN PEE.

“Uh, Fujiwara-senpai? Thank you for sitting with me. It’s just, well, you know, this is going to be very embarrassing and knowing you’re standing up for me is a big help.”

“It’s… fine… Mori-san…” Come back RIGHT NOW YOU INFERNAL WOMAN.

“So uh, do you think I could, you know, join the student council some day?”

“M-maybe.” Wait what’s she doing what’s she doing why’s she-

“I, uh, well I’m a bit, you know, of a mess after this so I’ll just wash my-”

The sound of a sink tap being switched on was the final agony, the tipping-point, the moment when Sachiko Fujiwara’s face became a perfect rictus grin as her body did what was an inalienable, unavoidable rule of nature. First her underwear – simple, white, modest. Then her stockings, one rivulet running down her leg then many and then just a simple wall of water filling her shoes and soaking the floor and spreading and spreading and-

“Ah, Fujiwara-senpai, are you- Fujiwara-senpai?”

“OK, Mori, I’m back and I- I should have brought another set of clothes, just wait there a moment Miss Fujiwara.”

This time the scream was not internal. Very much not internal.

___

Upcoming chapters...

"Sachiko Fujiwara Has the Best Seats in the House" (Where our heroine has a difficult time at a classical concert)

"The Unlucky Takarabune" (In which a luxury cruise proves very challenging)

"Clear Mirror, Not Still Waters" (Where our heroine's love for authentic Japanese traditions presents certain issues)

"Picking the Path of Flowers" (In which the theatrical life offers it's own unique trials)

"I Wish I Had Wings" (Where our heroine graduates in memorable fashion)

"Sachiko Fujiwara's Ultimate Destined Victory" (In which despite careful preparation, our heroine's birthday party proves unforgettable)

*001*2026-03-28 11:45

Apologies for the double post but I have written the second part of this now. In which things go extremely wrong for poor Sachiko at a very classy gala where she's supposed to be the star performer, and we meet her parents.

Episode 2 – Sachiko Fujiwara Gets the Best Seat In the House

“Of course Mrs. Fujiwara, we’ve made sure everything for the gala is the best it can be. Yes, there’s covered seating in case it rains. And a separate refreshment tent. And an area for the performers to relax separately from the audience. And yes, don’t worry, your daughter will be getting top billing for her solo.”

Sitting outside the Head of Music’s office, Sachiko had the largest, most smug grin on her face to hear that. The Academy was holding a musical festival and Sachiko had convinced them to let her perform a solo singing turn at the very conclusion of the event. It had needed a small donation, of course, because compared to some of the other students her singing-voice was not the best, but getting the Fujiwara name attached to your event was, well, it was an asset for sure.

“Oh, yes, well, your daughter requested we put aside some seats in the first couple of rows for you all. Next to the orchestra, and with a charming view over the lake. It’s already been arranged. Yes, she is wonderfully organised isn’t she.”

I won’t be sitting on blankets behind a screen while I wait to perform. Oh no, not I. I’ll be enjoying the best views of the whole event and get to walk elegantly out from the crowd as the final piece de resistance in order to perform.

___

“Well can’t you change it?” The morning of the gala had revealed a sudden and very much unapproved change to the seating plan. At the suggestion of somebody well-meaning who Sachiko strongly suspected was called Himemiya, an additional row of seats had been put in front of her. Nothing that would affect her view, for sure, but some benches for younger children like the visiting class from the local junior high.

“It wouldn’t look very good, would it, Sachiko?” Her mother had an absolute tone of this conversation is over. “We can do a lot to make things easier for us but I don’t think displacing some adorable small children so your view isn’t disturbed really sends the message we want. And besides, I’ve told their teachers to have them make a gap so you can get by when it’s time for your solo.

“Well fine, it will have to do. But ugh, if they get ice cream on my dress or something it will be awful.”

“They wouldn’t dare.”

Mollified a little by the potential opportunity to unleash righteous fury on a first-grader if they did anything to ruin her day, Sachiko took another look over the grounds of the Academy, the rows and rows of white chairs, the shining marquees and the absolutely delightful looking afternoon tea just waiting to be started. It was a bright, warm day, and this was going to be her moment to shine. Something was going on over where the orchestra were preparing, and she glided over to see what it was.

“Look, I’m sorry, there’s no power in the clubhouse, we can’t open it up like that. It’s pitch-dark in the changing rooms.” Consternation was written across the faces of several of the orchestra at that. The old sports clubhouse on the far side of the field was supposed to be where they could get some shade – and use the bathroom, if needed. “There’s restrooms over by the greenhouses here otherwise the nearest are back by the main campus building. Or the ones for the audience here, but, you know, they’ll be busy.” A five minute round trip if you needed a pee. With only three fifteen-minute intervals. Things were probably going to get interesting for some of the orchestra. That didn’t much bother Sachiko though, she was with the audience and her family, and would be able to enjoy the extra five to ten minutes on each interval while the orchestra filed out and set back up.

Several of the girls sitting by instruments were nervously trying to make light of the situation. A cellist hazarded that her instrument was large enough to disguise things if she had to make use of an empty bottle.

Yet despite the inauspicious omen, the gala began surprisingly well. Sachiko was not quite sat at the very front as she’d wanted but there were not too many children, and none of them too tall, directly in front of her. The view out across the lake with its ornamental fountain was charming, and its soft music complemented the early performances – the Academy’s younger students performing some choral classics – beautifully. Sachiko’s parents were sat in the row behind, and she was ensconced between a few other students and their families, dead centre. The first interval – or rather, the lunch break before the main event – rolled around and had Sachiko looked about herself, or paid much attention to anything other than her meal and trying to look beautiful, she may have noticed the problems beginning to appear.

The addition of the junior high visit had been a slightly late decision and, well, unfortunately bathroom emergencies tended to be somewhat more prevalent among children of that age compared to elegant members of a finishing school and their refined families. Which was causing something of a mad crush at the closest bathrooms, compounded by the fact the orchestra were also rushing over there (the greenhouses apparently, being somewhat more functional facilities, necessitated either quite a bit more fortitude or desperation than many currently had if one was going to use them). So in turn, people were milling back to the campus, and by the time the orchestra, let alone the audience, had finished their break the gala was running a little behind schedule.

The potential implications of all these small changes hit Sachiko very much like a dagger stabbing her abdomen when, as the second act began with a beautiful calming piano piece, she realised she had forgotten to relieve herself before taking her seat again. Well there’s three intervals, I’ll just make sure I get out at one of them and it will be fine.

It was not fine. Not even halfway through the second act she felt her need escalate from the reminder that you probably should have gone earlier to this is your problem now and it’s not going away until you find a restroom. She shifted her weight a little, the plastic chair suddenly feeling very hard and unyielding and uncomfortable. Her dress a little too warm for the weather. Well at this point it was nothing that simply discreetly tapping her feet and crossing her legs at the ankles couldn’t manage. Yes. Nothing that bad. Nothing that-

As she leaned back to try and take her mind off things by looking across the audience she got an eyeful of fountain in full blast and suddenly all she could hear, even over the music, was its urgent tinkling – no, gushing - at the moment. Ack! If I look even a little to the side all I can see is water! Running water!

And with that the remainder of the second act seemed to stretch out into infinity. With porcelain grace she kept her face a mask of dignity, although if you looked too closely you’d see she was biting her lip very hard and the hands that outwardly were folded neatly in her lap were gripping the champagne silk of her dress so tightly it was going to have permanent creases in. One more song, that’s all, just one more and you can go.

The applause had barely started when she made to stand up.

“Sachiko? Don’t push, it’s not ladylike.” Her mother’s voice, honey and venom.

“I- ah- mother, I just- stretching. The seat isn’t comfortable. I’ll take a walk during the intermission if that’s-”

“Of course.”

But now she had to wait for the people either side of her to file out. And get ahead of her in the queue. She managed to escape her mother’s gaze, that was something. She hurried off, pushing past a couple of frantic junior high students, and realised there was no way she had a hope of getting to the head of the queue at the guest bathrooms before she’d be called back to her seat. If the campus is this busy too I’m going to have to wait until the next interval. But she ran there nevertheless, and-

“Ah, I’m sorry, we’ve decided as the clubhouse couldn’t be used the gymnasium’s the new place for the orchestra to rest. If you’re looking for a toilet, try the main building.”

She checked her watch as she ran towards the main building. She still had a few minutes. This was going to be fine. Every step was a jolt that risked making her lose control, for sure, but relief was within sight now- why was there such a queue already what the hell?

“Sorry, we’re looking for the key for the east wing now.” The student bathrooms were inside the classroom corridors not in the lobby. And those had been locked as the school was supposed to be closed.

Sachiko did some mental maths. There were only about half a dozen people there, mostly faculty and some of the parents. If the bathrooms had been accessible now she’d have probably made it back in time. But if they were only just starting then- Oh, there was no way.

That was how Sachiko ended up back where she started for the start of the second act, except needing to pee significantly more.

“SACHIKO, SIT STILL!” Her mother’s whisper was loud enough to freeze her in place. She’d given up on dignity and had been squirming in place to try and manage the all-controlling urge. She could feel her body was on the edge of giving up, sweat was running down her back, there was a burning, aching heat between her legs that was going to very quickly become a waterfall again just like that time in the nurse’s office. The fountain’s tinkling was unavoidable. She had people in front of her, wedged up on both sides and behind her – and the icy presence behind her was her mother.

She began breathing deeply. Not long now. Then she looked at the program. Oh god. It was a long time. The third act was the longest.

“Sachiko?” This time her mother’s voice was… not angry? “The principal has just said because of the technical issues they’re going to have to either cut one of the intervals or your solo, and of course I assumed you’d be distraught not getting to perform so they’re putting the third and fourth acts together.”

There was going to be another hour and a half before her next break. “Yes… mother… that’s… fine.”

A short announcement was made to that effect after the next number finished, and there was some pretty vocal grumbling across the audience. Over the next few songs as Sachiko alternated between stiff, prim agony and risking her mother’s ire to cross her legs or fidget, several members of the audience excused themselves. Several of the junior high students in front of her, too. Even one of the back echelons of violinist disappeared during a long section where she was not playing and returned with a renewed focus on her performance. But sat right at the front, with her mother’s gaze on her back and right in the middle of a crowded row, Sachiko simply couldn’t move. She’d had to close her eyes now to not look at the water to her side. She was fanning herself with her program to try and do something, anything, to take her mind off things.

Drip. One small, perfect droplet escaped the lady’s iron grip. She could feel it moisten her underwear. It’s just one. Just one. You can hold on.

Then another. She could feel the patch spreading and squeezed her thighs together even tighter to try and stop it spreading visibly to her dress.

When the third drop turned into a momentary trickle of hot fluid she lost all composure, gasping audibly enough to attract a stern cough from her mother.

“Excuse me excuse me excuse me-” She stood up suddenly, ignoring hissed censure from the row behind, blood rushing to her cheeks as she realised everyone in the audience had the best seats in the house to see a girl struggling to climb over a dozen other seated figures in an ungainly hurry. “Please excuse me this is an emergency I-” She made it to the aisle between the banks of seats and realised unlike the discreet ways in which most of the other stricken audience members had sought respite, every eye in the house was now on her. On the way out of the row she had tripped on a bag and fallen, grass stains covering her champagne-cream dress, her high heels digging into the soft ground as she scrambled back upright.

There was quite a visible dark stain on her dress, too. She hadn’t yet completely lost control but it was inevitable.

WHY THE HELL IS THERE STILL A QUEUE HERE? Well the answer was obvious, there were only four actual cubicles and several hundred people in the audience. “I’m a performer you’ve got to let me cut in line please! Please!”

That didn’t work. Mere metres now from relief she was contorting herself in desperation. The band played on. She didn’t even want to think about the punishment she was in for once she was back home. Then she realised where she was standing. Right next to the fountain.

As it surged, as the orchestra reached a crescendo, Sachiko Fujiwara didn’t lose control gradually or slowly. It was zero to one hundred, her dress drenched and heavy, her shoes filled and stockings saturated. The grass very well watered and turning to mud at her feet.

“Ahem.” The cough. The silhouette of an aquiline nose and angular suit, and the chill air of disapproval. “Perhaps we will tell the maestro that your solo will be cancelled at short notice. And then we will have a conversation in the car home.”

