Secrets Shared, Love Formed

Author: RomanRune

*000*2026-03-15 05:09

Author's Note:

This story is long. Long. This is only the first two chapters in what quickly got out of hand for me into an intricate story of love and family acceptance involving well over a dozen characters and an embarrassing word count.

I'm not sure who this is really for, other than me. It's a character-driven story with a common thread of pee. I don't think it really gets going until Chapter 3, but her are Chapter One and Chapter Two. Comments welcome.

All characters are over 18.

Shared Secrets, Love Formed

Chapter 1

What a beautiful morning, she thought, walking down the quiet residential street of her suburban San Diego neighborhood. The early morning sun was still below the palm tree fronds, a gentle breeze was blowing in from the distant ocean across the quiet desert landscape and through her long, dark hair. Nancy Ryan faced the breeze, chin up to enjoy the moment. Life was good.

The third week of Spring semester and life was back into rhythm. The holiday travel and new year were done, school was back and in full swing, now Nancy was back in her element of challenging academics, her main passion in life. This was the final semester of school before kicking off what she was preparing to be a successful career in a STEM field, and with a few choice university acceptance letters already in her possession she was well on the right path. It was going to be weird this semester not having track meets to schedule around, but her athletic career was over, despite her impressive record. A sacrifice made to focus on the mind rather than the glory.

Nancy did plan to take advantage of the holes in her schedule with more than just academics. She was ambitious and smart, but still young and restless in a way she couldn’t define. Running had filled that restlessness for her, now she needed something else. Nancy had it so that her Friday and Saturday nights were free. She worked at the local nature center three days a week, but with work not beginning either weekend day until 2 pm this left her free to cut loose, she figured, at least one day to blow off steam and enjoy the last few months all of the friends she grew up with would be together. Plus Ally.

Alicia Tanaka was new to their school, recently moved back stateside when her dad was transferred from Okinawa to San Diego. Nancy had met her the first day of semester as they shared first period AP Physics and last period AP Calculus, she had been struck by the unusual combination of skin tone and facial features of what Nancy had since learned to be the mixed heritage of a Japanese father and Mexican mother. Growing up in San Diego Nancy certainly was no stranger to ethnic or cultural diversity, but something in Ally’s easy smile and kindhearted dark eyes intrigued Nancy - some mirth, some mischief, was just below the surface in this newly arrived Navy Brat that drew Nancy in.

The feelings themselves didn’t bother Nancy. She was drawn to girls about equal to boys, discovering this about herself relatively young, she had reconciled herself to these feelings long ago. It helped immeasurably that her parents were very open to their support of any lifestyle so long as it didn’t distract from Nancy’s academics.

This morning, as in each morning the last couple weeks, Nancy was meeting Ally outside Ally’s house to walk to school, part of the setting routine, their houses being only a couple blocks apart. Nancy was only standing on the curb a few moments when Ally came bounding out in a pleated black skirt ending a couple inches above her knee, a purple blouse complementing her ink black hair and honey golden skin beautifully, and simple sandals. Nancy was dressed in casual khaki pants, Vans on her feet, and a baby blue Care Bears t-shirt that complimented her tanned, olive skin and chestnut brown hair and almost seemed to match her normally blue-green eyes. 

Ally was a few inches shorter than Nancy’s relatively tall 5 ft 7, with a small build typical of Japanese descent and diet She had the typical thin build, jaw line, and cheekbones of her dad’s lineage, but her large round eyes, full nose and skin tone were straight from her mom, she claimed. Ally had been in Okinawa for more than half of her 19 years, Nancy didn’t know the story of Ally being a year older and still in high school, she never quite figured out how to approach what was likely to be a deeply personal subject. They just weren’t there yet as friends, she felt.

Huh. Yep, again today, Nancy thought as she took in Ally’s outfit.

“Hey you!” Ally called, skipping up the walk to where Nancy stood.

“Hey yourself! Ready for the test this morning?”

“No sweat, physics is fun, how about you?”

“I had mom quiz me until I knew it all front and back, so I got this! I like your outfit, very classy!

“Thanks, you look great too. Aren’t we a bit young for Care Bears?”

“It’s vintage! Like, actually. I found it in a stash of my moms old stuff. I wear a bunch of her old clothes.”

“I’m just teasing you. Do you take after your mom?”

“I think so. I hope so. She looks great for 40-something, I hope I look that good in 25 years.”

Ally eyed Nancy and chose her words carefully, “I don’t think you have to worry about looking good at any point in your life.”

Nancy’s heart skipped a beat. Was Ally complimenting her or hitting on her? She hoped the former. “Aww, you’re so sweet! But you’ve got the genetics on your side. Asian women age like fine wine, and you’ve a great sense of dress to go with it! Also, I love the perfume you wear sometimes.” Ally flashed Nancy a shy smile.

They fell into silence as they walked, something had struck her earlier and she didn’t quite know how to broach the subject without sounding weird. “Um, Ally, can I ask you a question without it being weird?”

“Well that’s a loaded question. I can’t very well agree to that with no context!”

“Forget it,” Nancy sputtered quickly, “it’s nothing.”

“Ohhh, no. My interest is piqued, you gotta go now.” Nancy blushed and looked away. “C’mon, I can’t promise it won’t be weird but I can promise I won’t be mad.”

Nancy hesitated.

Ally took on a younger sister tone, jumping in front of Nancy and walking backwards. “Please, if you don’t I’ll be eaten up with curiosity all day. I won’t be able to focus on the test! Do you want to be responsible for me failing an easy test?!”

Nancy laughed and rolled her eyes at the playful, obviously overstated ploy. “Ok… why do you always wear black skirts or pants? In almost three weeks I’ve not yet seen you in jeans or other colors, is it a fashion thing? Obviously that’s not my strong suit,” Nancy made a motion to her own outfit.

Nancy noticed Ally’s gait faltered just half a step, drawing Nancy’s attention to her friend. While they had known each other only a few weeks Nancy was astute enough to see the briefest flash of... worry? Fear? in Ally’s eyes, but to her credit she recovered in a heartbeat and took the offensive. In a playful teasing voice Ally said, “Ooh, are you checking me out? I must occupy a decent amount of that brilliant mind of yours for you to make that connection.”

Nancy’s cheeks burned red. Ally had hit the nail square on the head. In fact her quizzing with her mom the previous day had been more of a discussion about her interest in her new friend than it had the physics exam she had already mastered.

“It’s not like that!” Ally’s face fell, flustering Nancy further. “I mean, it’s not NOT like that, but… damnit, now I’ve gone and made it weird.”

Ally smirked. She was aware of Nancy’s sexual orientation, it wasn’t a secret among her friendship circle, half of whom Nancy had dated at one point or another in the last couple of years. And while fluid sexuality is normal for their generation, word still has a way of getting around. Though less open about it among these new friends Ally shared the same attractions, she realized that fact may not be known to Nancy. “Hey, I’m just messing with you, I’m glad you don’t NOT think of me,” Ally replied with inflection and cadence disquietingly similar to Nancy’s

Jeez, no wonder she joined theater, Nancy observed.

“You didn’t answer the question,” Nancy replied as they turned the corner and walked onto school grounds. The ocean breeze billowing Ally’s skirt and tossing both of their hair back away from their necks.

Again Ally hesitated and seemed to mull over how to respond. The curious buildup of anticipation the answer was starting to get to Nancy. Finally Ally spoke, “I… have a secret. I haven’t shared it with anybody here yet, but it would be nice to finally have that here like I had back in Okinawa. But first, you gotta tell me a secret of your own.”

Nancy blink, not sure how to respond. She didn’t readily have a secret to share per se. “I don’t know what kind of secret I can share, I’m pretty open about who I am. I’m still a virgin, how’s that?”

“Lame! All your friends know. You’ll date and kiss but no clothing off stuff, with either sex. I kind of admire that self-restraint, honestly, most people with your looks and popularity would be well experienced by now.”

She does know I’m bi, Nancy thought, slightly encouraged.

“Yeah, it just hasn’t felt right. Not that it should ever be magical or anything, I just… haven’t been ready.”

“Try again.”

“I… made out with my cousin Jenn once. It was a dare though.”

“Girl please dares only count if you wind up in the hospital. Fine, I’ll make it easy, but it’s gotta be personal enough to know mine.” Ally opened the door to the school and steered their direction towards the theater.

Odd, why this way? Nancy thought.

In a low voice she asked “What kind of underwear do you prefer?”

There it is, something that may qualify. It wasn’t exactly a secret - her mom knew, as did any track team member paying attention over the years sharing a locker room, but it wasn’t something often brought up in friendly conversations. Until now. “None. I don’t wear any.”

Ally seemed genuinely confused, then surprised. “Oh! Uh… actually I meant on others, what gets you going.”

“Oh. Damn, that’s embarrassing. Um, thongs, for both sexes. You ever watch Magic Mike? HOT!” Nancy was talking quickly, clearly trying to move beyond her accidental reveal.

Ally was having none of it and seemed more flushed now than a moment ago. “Hold up, You don’t wear panties? How often?”

Nancy sighed. Welp, she wanted a secret, here we go. I hope hers is worth knowing.

“Ever. I haven’t for a long time now. I found them bothersome no matter the style or cut I tried and finally quit trying. They aren’t necessary, now I only own two emergency pair.”

Ally had a strange smile on her face as she steered them to a bathroom Nancy was only vaguely aware existed, next to the backstage area of the theater. It was empty, being less convenient than others; nobody was mingling. “That is an interesting tidbit about the beautiful and brilliant Nancy Ryan. No Panty Nancy. That has a ring to it.”

Nancy blushed, she really hadn’t put that much thought into her distaste for underwear but Ally seemed to latch onto this fact.

Ally put her stuff on the counter. “Ok, turnabout is fair, but it will be easier to show you than tell you why I wear black. Come in this stall.”

Nancy couldn’t put together where this could possibly be going but there was no way she was going to let this go now. She followed Ally into the stall and watched as Ally gathered her skirt to her waist, exposing a black lace thong leaving little to the imagination. Nancy saw a thin strip of hair underneath the lace, and flushed. Though she had been interested in girls for a few years now, this was the first time up close with a romantic interest in any state of undress.

Ally looked at Nancy as she straddled the toilet and just whispered “watch.”

Of all possible actions in this moment nothing in Nancy’s brain approached the possibility of what happened. The trickle started slow, and it was the sound of the liquid hitting the toilet bowl that connected the dots for Nancy, rather than the sight. Ally was peeing through her lace thong. Intentionally. Before classes started for the day. While looking directly at Nancy.

Nancy didn’t breathe, didn’t think. Didn’t know what to think. Ally’s stream continued, hardly encumbered by the sheer lace and tiny gusset of the material hugging her most intimate of areas. Ally, with relaxed shoulders and content smile, was obviously enjoying the moment, though, her deep brown eyes never leaving Nancy’s gobsmacked face.

Finally the stream tapered off and all that remained were some drips clinging to the lace. Ally grabbed some toilet paper, dabbed at the outside of the material to remove any excess, then simply dropped her skirts. Outwardly you would have no idea what she had done. She threw her hands up and announced triumphantly, “Ta-da! Now we each know the other’s secret.”

For her part, Nancy was still rebooting her brain, Ally casually walked out of the stall, washed her hands, found something in her backpack in a spritz bottle that she aimed at herself under her skirt, then motioned with her head for Nancy to follow.

They navigated the halls in silence, Nancy studying Ally’s neutral facial expressions as they walked. She said hi to a teacher she would see later, hugged a boy outside a class and said something to him in Spanish, then continued on as normal.

But… she peed herself!

Finally Nancy found her voice. “You… just wet yourself.” Nancy whispered as they walked down the hall.

All replied as if patiently talking to a little sister. “Two points, and welcome back to Earth. I’m sure you have a thousand questions but we can discuss it at lunch when I do it again.” Nancy froze a step as Ally continued to the door, leading a truly dumbstruck Nancy into their first period classroom where the discussion could not continue.

Again?!

During class Ally had her legs crossed, dangling her sandal from her right foot while taking the test, no indication what she had just done had phased her. Nancy couldn’t stop herself from studying her from afar.

She just peed herself and now she is sitting in class like nothing happened. Nobody around her suspects a thing. Is that why? Thrill of the forbidden? Or does she enjoy the feeling? Surely with that material little can be felt!

Shock had worn off and now intense curiosity and Ally’s intentional lack of closure for the subject was eating Nancy alive. And then there was the other thing. She couldn’t deny the feeling creeping between her legs. She wasn’t disgusted by the events as she knew she should be. Morbidly curious? Definitely. Interested? … maybe more than she was consciously willing to admit, but there was no denying the effect it had on her body. She would have to be careful, though. Too much thinking on this would result in a tell on the thin material of her khaki pants. She didn’t need her arousal broadcast to the school.

She said she was doing it again at lunch. How often does this happen?

The test was over, and despite the seeming distraction of Ally’s still-wet panties Nancy breezed through. As the bell rang Nancy paid attention to every detail of Ally’s movement. Talking with the boy next to her, laughing with the teacher, and making eye contact with Nancy with a knowing look as she stood up, pointedly glancing down at the seat. Nancy followed her gaze to see there was no tell on the seat, as she did so Ally turned her back to Nancy in a subtle yet clear-to-Nancy display that her skirt had no sign, either. She was 100% clear of any chance of getting found out.

“How’d you do?” Ally asked as Nancy walked over to her, obviously avoiding what was eating at Nancy.

“Good, despite the… distraction. How about you?” They turned to mingle in the halls for a moment as they wouldn’t see each other for a few hours.

“Great, I think. What I showed you sort of acts like a tension release. I do it before a big test, and when the feeling moves me. I’m not sure why I chose to share it with you, but please keep this between us.”

Nancy moved in for a hug, ”You have nothing to worry about, my lips are sealed.”

Ally returned the hug and Nancy felt her hand slide to the small of her back. “Thanks. Meet at the same place before lunch?”

Nancy surprised herself with the response “Bet, wouldn’t wanna miss the show.”

Ally grinned at her and kissed her cheek, lingering just a heartbeat too long to be chaste. “I’ll make sure to prepare.” And with that, dissolved into the crowded hall.

___

Chapter 2

Nancy Ryan, stand out athlete and in running for valedictorian, found herself in an unfamiliar situation. She couldn’t focus, couldn’t will herself to concentrate. Alicia Tanaka is sitting in another classroom, right now, pees in her panties and casually continues about her day. How many times has she sat next to me in Calc with drying, or freshly wet, underwear?

The thought would not leave her brain, and her body was waking up in the most inopportune of ways. She couldn’t sit still and was genuinely worried about the state of her pants.

She was sitting in History next to her longtime friend and coworker Mark, who was taking notice of Nancy’s unusual fidgeting. He raised his eyebrow questioning in her direction and she knew she had to excuse herself.

As she stood up to go to the bathroom she saw what she feared, the seat at her desk was obviously moist, Nancy had to dart out to keep from feeling like she would disgrace herself, rushing down the empty hall to the women’s room. In the bathroom she clutched hard on the sink, taking deep breaths, muttering to herself, “Get a grip, Ryan.”

She looked at herself in the mirror, her bright eyes contrasting starkly with her chestnut hair and sun-kissed olive skin. Her cheeks were flushed, breath still ragged. She turned to look at her butt. She thought she could detect the faintest of traces of moisture but you would have to know to look for it. That’s a relief at least. She squeezed her legs together and felt a jolt go through her body.

I can’t go on like this.

Nancy turned towards the stalls and locked herself in the farthest one. She quickly unbuttoned her pants, slipped them down her legs, and sat down. She looked at the seat of her pants, her body had indeed left a good bit of evidence of her arousal. Her fingers traveled below the hem of her shirt as her mind drifted back to this morning’s events. She had never done this in school before but there was no stopping it today. The same refrain kept repeating itself in her mind as her fingers worked their magic.

Alicia pissed herself. Ally wet her panties on purpose. Ally is still wearing those wet panties in class! That last thought was what sent her over the edge, faster than she had ever climaxed before. And hard. So hard she was worried someone would hear although she was reasonably sure she’d been silent. She needed to clean up and get back to class before she was missed and someone came looking for her. She was sure it smelled like sex in this bathroom now.

She wiped herself, taking care as her lips were still sensitive from her orgasm, then came an intrusive thought. She should actually use the restroom for its intended purpose, why not dip a toe into the pee pool? She couldn’t pee in panties and wasn’t prepared to go that far if she could, but she could touch herself as she peed. Her hand needed a good washing before class anyway.

The comfort she felt in this plan surprised her as she almost immediately released her bladder after deciding on this course of action. Her fingers, still sticky with cum, found her stream as it exited her body. She felt the hot liquid on her hand, cupping it and rubbing it back on her mons, into her shortly trimmed but unshaped hair. It felt good, both on her hand and on her body. Her fingers began to move again, finding her spot like a homing missile.

I’m touching myself while I pee. God it feels GOOD! All too soon though the stream was over but she couldn’t stop now, she would be in no better shape than when she got here. Again the thought of Ally sitting in wet panties in class pushed her over the edge, a second orgasm more intense than the first. This time she knew she gasped loud enough that someone walking by would be suspicious.

Jeez, does wetting yourself feel this good??

Nancy resisted the urge for more exploration knowing she was pushing her timeline way too far already. She dried her legs and lips as best she could, the wet places inside her pants were drying already, though she knew it was going to be cold and sticky as she brought the khaki pants back over her naked hips and settled them into place. For the first time she could ever recall she wished she was wearing underwear right now.

With newly clean hands but all-too-dirty pants she made her way back into class where Mark looked at her with a worried expression. It then hit Nancy that maybe she had a post-orgasmic glow, or worse, smelled of sex. She thought everyone in the room knew what she had just done.

Mark leaned over “Are you ok? You don’t seem yourself today.”

“I’m good, but definitely not myself. Nothing to worry about. Thanks, hun.” He didn’t seem satisfied but dropped the subject. She wasn’t entirely sure she wanted him to, Mark was a bit of a guilty crush of hers. He had a rather pretty, if maybe vain and plastic girlfriend, Tracy. Nancy wasn’t going to move in on someone else, but given the right circumstances she could see herself with Mark with little effort.

Third period was blessedly uneventful for Nancy but when the bell rang realization at what time it was hit her.

Lunch.

She grabbed her class material and headed for the door, instantly aware of her arousal again. Walking down the hall was an exercise in self-control. Her engorged sex loved the stimulation of the seam of her pants rubbing as she walked. Never before had this been an issue at school, though a welcome happenstance in the proper setting. She tried to ignore it, did calc in her head to think about something, anything, than her friend and crush wetting her panties at school.

There in the hallway in front of the restroom was Alicia. Nancy’s heart leapt at the smile on Ally’s face when they made eye contact. She decided to not yet share her experience this morning, but just to see where the Ally rollercoaster ride would take her.

“Hey girl!” Ally called, “I need to quickly use the toilet before lunch, care to join?” She sounded to Nancy almost hopeful.

“Yep, I could do for a trip myself,” Nancy answered, sounding to herself almost too eager.

Ally beamed, grabbing Nancy’s hand and skipping into the women’s room. Nancy watched Ally’s skirt, still no way to discern what had done, or would be doing again momentarily, if Ally was telling the truth.

Into the stall they went, the same stall as that morning. Ally dropped her stuff to the side and again hiked up her skirt, this time facing away from Nancy, giving Nancy a clear and up close view of her butt with the tiniest of black strings with a lace bow disappearing between her cheeks at the top. Ally turned her head to see if Nancy was watching, smiled almost seductively at Nancy, “You prefer thongs, right? That’s mostly what I wear, we make a good pair.” Then with no further hesitation, Ally let go once again into her black lace.

Nancy watched as the liquid exited the fabric between Ally’s legs, then saw two fingers slide along the fabric from the front, and watched in awe and what she now knew to be longing as Ally placed her fingers into the stream, cupping them slightly to spread the wetness along the front of the panties.

The same way Nancy had cupped her stream to her naked mound earlier, she noted.

I want to do that. To feel what she’s feeling now.

The stream abated and again Ally dabbed the last of the drops from her wet panties and dropped her skirt. She stepped around Nancy, who switched places with her while Ally washed her hands. “You look like you enjoy watching almost as much as I enjoy doing,” she called over the noise of the faucet.

“I have... so many questions. Can we find a place outside to talk about this?”

“Sure, let’s grab some food and some shade!”

Standing in line for food Nancy was again struck by the completely casual way she walked down the halls, talking to boys, chatting with the women serving food, all while wearing panties intentionally soaked with pee.

Nobody suspects a thing. Why would they? This beautiful girl in stylish clothes pees herself on purpose?

They sat at a bench under a eucalyptus tree in the shade of the building where they could chat without being unintentionally overheard. Nancy preferred this place for lunch because she could study, today school was the furthest thing from her mind. They sat next to each other on the same side, back to the wall. “So. Fire away. I’m curious to know what you want to know first.”

“How did you find out you like this?”

Ally smiled and nudged Nancy’s shoulder. “You ARE curious about it! I knew it! I never saw any trace of disgust or even repellance! Honestly I’ve been thinking about that all morning. You can’t know how relieved I was.

“To answer, I came across a video online by accident of a woman dressed similarly to me now doing exactly what I did.”

“By ‘accident?’”

Ally pouted, realizing Nancy was analyzing every word. “Hey don’t judge me, I have needs. I wasn’t looking for this but it caught my attention, much like I caught yours this morning, twice now if we are keeping count, missy.

“Anyway, it lived rent free in my head for days, I couldn’t understand why I would keep thinking about it. I finally got sick of stewing over it, dressed accordingly, then walked into our garden, sat in the grass with my skirt out from underneath, and did it.”

“Just like that?”

“Well, no. It took some effort the first time. I was also wearing cotton bikini cut, which feel so much better wetting but you can't be as discreet with them, so I leave those for private use. Anyway, I finally let go, and immediately loved the feeling, both the physical wetness and the idea of what I’d done.

“But like in the video I wanted to be able to get away with it, wet around others without them knowing. I’ve no interest in embarrassing either myself or others. I knew I had picked the wrong panties the first time, so later that same evening I bought a thong with the express purpose of wetting it! Light pink, still cotton if you want a visual,” Ally said with a gleam in her eye. Nancy returned the look.

"I took a page from your book on that trip, going commando. I went to the store in the same skirt from my earlier wetting, bought the undies, then went straight to the bathroom to put them on. They weren’t on my body 5 seconds before I let loose in them.” Ally dropped her voice to a sultry tone, “it was so much easier to piss myself the second time I tried.” Her hand had found its way to Nancy’s knee and was lightly running her nails along the inseam.

Nancy made no move to pull away from the touch.

“So the first day you decided to wet yourself, and the second time you ever did it you were in public?” Ally nodded, chewing her chicken wrap. “What did you do?”

“I walked out of the bathroom. Right out the front door, into another shop, bought some candy, flirted with the cute girl who took my money, rode the bus and walked in my home. I even had dinner with my brother and his girlfriend still wearing them, though they felt mostly dry by then. I eventually came to the conclusion that thin material, thong style, and black bottoms are the winning combination to staying undetected in public with no further thought or planning required. I carry a little bottle of Febreeze and that perfume you commented on earlier for any odors, but I stay really hydrated so that’s minimal as well. Sometimes I’ll do it in pants or cotton briefs but again, that’s only in private.”

“You said you wanted someone here to share it with, does that mean you had someone in Okinawa?”

“Ooh! Jealous!” Nancy’s eyes went so wide she looked like she’d been shot and Ally knew she was on the right track. Ally gave Nancy her best coquettish grin.

Ally’s mind raced. Oh God please let me be right about her.

“I’m just kidding you, that just means you care enough to think like that. Yes, I knew it would be more fun with someone. I was casually seeing a boy who was pretty open minded. I told him about in a roundabout way what I was doing, kind of feeling him out, and he was very encouraging, even excited about me trying new ways. It was with him I perfected my winning combination.”

“Did he do it with you?” The thought of a boy wetting was equally intriguing to Nancy, though she wasn’t sure it would be as intimate to experience. Something to ponder for later.

“Yes, but not in public. That’s all I want to say about that, if you don’t mind. I don’t kiss and tell.”

“Am I the first girl you’ve shared this with?”

Ally looked Nancy directly in the eye. “Yes. Most girls I know, even ones I’ve dated, gossip. I didn’t trust any of them to not mention it.”

“Then why me? We aren’t even dating.”

“Well, in case it wasn’t obvious I am kind of hoping to change that second part.” Ally gazed into Nancy’s blue-green eyes and saw… relief, happiness? “As to the first, I’m not sure. There’s something about you that… speaks to me. A trust I can’t explain.”

Nancy looked into Ally’s brown eyes, feeling Ally’s hand ever so slightly higher on her thigh. Before she could stop herself she asked “How wet does it stay? I mean, do you feel it in the material still, or is it mostly about the act itself?”

A look came across Ally’s face that Nancy could only interpret as hopeful excitement. “Would… you like to feel?”

“That’s not… I mean I’ve not… I’ve never done that with anyone”

“Well there is no time like the present, and I certainly would welcome your touch, Nancy Ryan.” As she spoke Ally had taken hold of Nancy’s hand and dropped to Ally’s lap. The look in her eye left no ambiguity as to what she desired.

Slowly, nervously, Nancy’s fingers pawed at the hem of Ally’s skirt. With a trembling voice Nancy said “I can’t believe this, we haven’t even kissed. I wasn’t even sure you liked girls until a few moments ago.”

“There is an answer to that problem I would like to solve as well. And I like you, Nancy” Ally tilted Nancy’s head towards hers, both moved in to close the gap. Their lips met, soft and tentatively at first, then as one both pressed in harder. It was far from Nancy’s first sapphic kiss and she felt no trepidation of a new experience in Ally, either. Nancy was still keenly aware of where her fingers were, and where she desperately wanted them to travel. She wanted to know how wet Ally’s underwear still was. It still blew her mind she could so casually wear wet panties in public. Mid kiss Nancy decided now or never, take the plunge.

Her fingers made contact with the warm, wet lace just as Nancy pulled away from the kiss, looking directly into Ally’s eyes. Ally let out a slight gasp but opened her legs up slightly more. “It’s here that stays wet, not the lace,” she whispered, guiding Nancy’s hand lower in between her legs. Nancy gasped at the feeling of the sodden material covering Ally’s most intimate place. It was wetter than she expected, there was no way Ally would not actively feel this. That fact, along with the unmistakable heat of Ally’s arousal, turned Nancy on immensely.

At the same moment Nancy felt fingers creeping up her own leg, she looked down and saw Ally’s hand moving for the same location on Nancy. Nobody had ever been there but Nancy, but Nancy’s body instinctively moved her hips closer and opened her legs wider. Ally’s hand made contact with Nancy’s khaki pants over her vagina, heat and moisture from Nancy’s arousal radiating through her pants.

“Nancy Ryan, I haven’t been able to get you off my mind all day. Knowing there’s nothing under these pants is driving me crazy.”

“Ally, I’ve been thinking about you all day, it’s been a real problem. The fact that you are wet and stay wet all day has me so flustered I can’t focus in class. I even had to take care of myself in 2nd period, I took a bathroom break.

“Wait really? You jilled off at school, thinking of me? THATS SO COOL!”

Nancy blushed and withdrew her hand before they could get too carried away, Ally did the same. A moment of awkwardness followed when they heard the bell.

Both girls stood up in preparation for the next period.

“Last question. How often have you done this at school since you came here? I was just wondering how many times you’ve stood next to me soaked.”

Ally smiled and thought. “Maybe… three times a week? It’s not every day but it’s been more often than not. And it’s never all day like today, this is unusual. I don’t usually do it this much but as I said earlier today, it’s a stress reliever for me and it’s been stressful moving back to this country, new city, new friends, and” she cupped Nancy’s cheek, “new crush.”

“More than a crush now, I hope.”

“Indeed.” Ally leaned over and they kissed one more time. “See you before Calc, same stall?”

“You’re going to pee again?!” Nancy couldn’t keep the excitement from her voice.

“With a response like that I may never do it without panties again. Speaking of panties, if you get curious about… wetting yourself as well, I can loan you a pair to test it with.”

“I’m not sure if I’m there yet, but I will let you know if I do.”

“Oh, please do. See you in a bit.”

“See you soon.”

They kissed briefly again and parted ways. Nancy’s mind was much more at ease than it had been earlier, and though she was anticipating another bathroom visit later she was able to keep her focus in the meantime.

___

“Ms Ryan, can I talk to you for a moment, please?” Her Econ teacher asked her at the end of class.

Crap crap crap, why today? This had to be about some questions regarding an idea for a topic she had put together for a semester project. Though she wanted desperately to be elsewhere this was an important conversation she was not going to put off.

Mid conversation she felt her phone buzz a text message in her backpack but put it out of her mind. As she wrapped up the conversation she heard another vibration, as did her teacher.

He smiled as she briefly glanced at the pocket her phone was in, “someone special waiting for you?”

If you only knew.

“Something like that. I’m not sure, we haven’t really defined ourselves yet.”

“Very well, you have all you need from me, better answer back before final period.” Nancy smiled and thanked him and turned around to walk out, pulling her phone out of her pack as she moved. “And tell Ms Tanaka she would do well to absorb some of your dedication to academics.” Nancy paused and looked at Mr Harmon quizzically but he just gave her a knowing smile and turned away as the first of his next class filed in.

What the hell just happened?

She unlocked her screen to see Ally had sent two texts:

- Hey, I’m here and waiting!

- Are you coming? I can’t hold out much longer!

Nancy checked the time, two minutes to go, no way she could make it.

Argh!!

- So sorry!! Mr Harmon had me stay back for some discussion. Can’t make it in time!

- No prob, I knew you wouldn’t stand me up after lunch, but the show is over.

- Aww sorry I missed it! Enjoy?

- Don’t want you thinking I wasn’t thinking of you!

Nancy could see something loading after the last text, she had just walked into her Calc class, Ally wasn’t here yet. Then the picture came through.

Nancy’s hand started shaking and she instinctively hid the screen from accidental sharing with other classmates. Taking her seat she quickly took another look. On the screen she saw black lace panties maybe ten inches from the screen. From the panties a stream of clear liquid, contrasting well with the dark blue of the stall walls, was cascading in a single stream. Not only had Ally taken a photo of her peeing her panties for the third time today, but she had taken the effort to frame the photo for maximum clarity.

Sweet Mary.

Nancy willed herself to close the photo app and put her phone away.

Ally hustled in the door to the classroom just as the bell rang, making eye contact with Nancy and giving her the slightest of eyebrow raises, an unspoken question of receipt. Nancy gave the briefest of nods and couldn’t hold back what felt to her a childish, stupid grin but to Ally was exactly the effect she had been aiming for. Ally flashed Nancy a grin that reminded Nancy for all the world of the Cheshire Cat. Ally took her seat in the front row, two rows over and one in front of Nancy as the teacher began.

Ten minutes into the new material Nancy glanced at Ally and saw yet another bit of mischief. Ally’s purple blouse had come up to expose her midriff skin, and there just below her blouse was the black strap of her thong peeking out of the top of her skirt. Nancy knew there was no way, with the cut of the panties and the design of the skirt this was a slip.

She’s making sure I remember even during class! God she’s sexy but we’re going to need to set some boundaries…

The focus of mind and willpower she prided herself in was back and she pushed all lascivious thoughts out of her mind for now, it was game time. Math was her favorite subject and until Ally snuck a glance at her Nancy was completely absorbed in the lesson. Ally smiled, Nancy winked back and pointedly squeezed her legs together, hoping to indicate the effects she was feeling, but instantly Ally could see the attention redirected to the subject at hand.

She is really into academics

Ally independently came to the conclusion there would be boundaries to what distractions Nancy would tolerate. There was no doubt what was most important to her.

This is how she has remained a virgin. It’s not an act, she really takes it that seriously.

Meanwhile Nancy was thinking I’m going to need to shower and change my pants before work tonight, the animals wouldn’t leave me alone like this.

At final bell Ally stood up to stretch, showing Nancy again the strap of her thong, before turning her butt and dry skirt to Nancy to unnecessarily, perhaps gratuitously prove that she’d gone literally the entire school day with repeated wettings and given no hint of evidence.

Nancy stood, self-consciously checking the seat to make sure again she didn’t leave her own bit of evidence, then walked shoulder to shoulder with Ally down the hall towards the exit.

“Thank you for the photo! I’m sorry I couldn’t make it, it was an important discussion. Do you want me to delete it?”

Ally smiled at the cautious and thoughtful nature of the question. “No, you can keep the photo, it doesn’t have any evidence to identify me with. But I would appreciate you deleting the text.”

Nancy pulled out her phone, saved the photo, making a mental note to find a folder elsewhere to store it, then deleted as requested, showing Ally the process. Ally prompted, “So tell me. Obviously you were turned on by today, but what was it? Was it the model, the setting, or the subject?”

“You’re asking whether I was turned on by or in spite of the pee?”

“You have a way of cutting through all the filler and zeroing in on the core, darling. Yeah, I guess I want to know if this is a kink I can or should still share with you, because,” Ally stopped Nancy and turned to her on the sidewalk, looking into her eyes. Nancy, she realized, held her gaze with an unwavering intensity. “I like you, Nancy Ryan, and I’m flexible about which kink I partake in and when. I don’t want to push you away by coming on too strong with the pee thing or make you think that all I am into. I want to know more about what you like, see if we are compatible or if it’s just pheromones.”

Nancy could see the vulnerability in Ally’s eyes. Her heart had jumped at being called darling just then, she knew she felt more for this girl than she had anyone she had dated up til now. “I like you too, Alicia Tanaka, and the setting, and the subject - much to my own surprise with that last. I’d never thought of pee or wetting in a sexual way before…”

“But now?”

“Well, you remember I told you what I did in 2nd period?” Ally nodded.

“I didn’t tell you everything.” Nancy’s heart was beating faster at the coming admission. She felt her adrenaline spike and her voice shake as she dropped her volume. “My newest secret is, I peed into my hand as I touched myself. In school. And I loved it.”

The sequence of emotions on Ally’s face, vulnerable to relief to curious to understanding to elation, was almost comical and broke all the tension in Nancy’s body at admitting something so new and taboo. Ally squealed and threw her arms around Nancy in a big hug, bouncing off her ankles onto the balls of her feet, a ball of nervous energy and adrenaline.

“Ohmygod! That’s amazing! What a relief to share it was today, does this mean we can do this again?”

Nancy smiled as they rounded the corner almost to Ally’s house. "I think it means a few things. It means we both would like to see what this relationship would look like, it means later you’ll need to fill me in on what you meant by ‘which kink’,” they stopped in front of the walk to Ally’s house and faced each other, “and it means I MAY have to go shopping with you for,” Nancy exaggerated a shudder, “panties.”

Ally was beside herself with happiness, still bouncing and grinning like she had won the lottery, and in her mind she had. She had moved to a beautiful but ultimately unfamiliar place right at the end of her high school career, met another person who was equally drawn to her, exposed her most ruinous secret, and not only was accepted but her crush had just implied she would be willing to give her kink a try! “I don’t suppose you would like to come in for a while? Maybe try on some,” exaggerated shudder, “panties? I haven’t even seen you without your pants and you have a picture of me saved to your phone!”

“Unfortunately I can’t today, I work at 5 and I need a shower beforehand. To the animals at work I’ll be as rank as a Nassau whorehouse,” Nancy smiled at the surprise on Ally’s face by the vulgar simile. “But I will see you in the morning!”

Nancy glanced at the house, a car in the driveway and the curtains open. “Do your parents know?” Ally looked stunned, Nancy flinched and mentally kicked herself for not conveying her logic leap. “About you and girls, not the pee thing. Can I kiss you goodbye?”

“Oh! Jeez. Yeah, I’m an adult and I can do what I want, but yes they know and are accepting, and yes, you can kiss me!”

Nancy leaned in and kissed Ally with no hesitation for public affection. They hugged tightly, breasts pressed together, both of their hands went to the others waist. Nancy whispered in Ally’s ear, “tell me, can you still feel the wetness?”

Ally whispered back, “It’s hard to know which fluid I am more wet with right this moment, but yes I can still feel I peed myself.”

Nancy shuddered, pulled away, fingers lingering in each other’s hand. “I’ll see you tomorrow. Girlfriend?”

Ally looked like she was going to cry. “Hasta mañana, girlfriend,” purposely mixing languages. Novia didn’t quite have the impact of words Ally felt for the moment. Nancy walked on, after 10 steps she turned back and saw Ally still standing there, watching her. Nancy pulled on her belt loop, exposing bare skin where underwear would sit, shook her hands and crossed her arms and mouthed the word ‘no’, then continued walking away, swaying her hips a little bit more as she walked, mimicking the walk Ally had done for her the first time that morning she had wet herself.

*001*2026-03-21 11:30

Chapter 3

Maria Tanaka was in her home office space when she heard her daughter’s key in the lock. Maria, a short, petite woman of 47, still turned heads of each sex. Shoulder length black hair, honey skin and piercing brown eyes, she had hips that bore children but a flat stomach, small breasts of a woman who took care of herself. She had a keen intellect and sharp wit that kept her children and husband all on their toes.

Alicia, as she was uniformly addressed by her parents, walked in from school on Cloud Nine. Maria glanced over from her home workstation and noticed her daughter looked more to be floating than walking.

I guess it went well!

Maria smiled at her daughter’s very apparent happiness. Alicia, though most certainly a free spirit and headstrong in her own way, had always maintained a close relationship with her parents, particularly her father in younger years. But exiting the hormonal tempests of puberty and a few terrible life choices later Alicia had found in her mom a willing and eager listener, and someone who had an uncanny knack for offering sage advice only when Alicia felt she really needed it. Her daughter was an adult and free to make her own decisions but moving to this place at the moment in her life, losing the home she had established along the way had understandably been a lot to bear and Alicia found herself in an unfamiliar, uncertain position. She tried to bear these turbulences silently and internally so it was something of a surprise when she approached her mother Friday evening with a personal issue after dinner.

Friday

“Mom, can I talk to you for a minute?”

Maria was sitting on the couch under a blanket, as was her usual this time of the evening. Ally chose now when her dad had excused himself to the restroom. “Always, dear. Come sit. What’s on your mind?”

“I need to tell you something, and I could really use your support.” Alicia seemed on edge. Maria, amused a bit at the juvenile assumption that she couldn’t already guess the direction of this conversation, nevertheless let Alicia play it out in her own way.

“It’s not bad,” she stammered quickly, “at least I don’t think it’s, or will be. I just want to know I’m not nervous on two fronts.”

Maria smiled, she’s coming out. Maria had known her daughter was at least bi-curious for some time. Alicia thought she was clever, hiding the glances at other girls with the same interest as boys, the lingering fingers between her and girl friends, the hushed noises when she thought she was out of earshot. But Maria saw much more than Alica gave her credit for. The curse of an observant parent.

“I’ve met someone at school. Different than ever before. It honestly makes me nervous how deep I’m already feeling and I haven’t even asked for a relationship yet… I don’t know what she will say.”

“She?” Maria asked with fake surprise. Messing with her kids is one of life’s little pleasures.

“Yeah, sh-she… does that shock you? Oh, please mom, don’t be upset!”

“Alicia, I cannot believe you…” Alicia’s eyes were wide with building tension and about two words from recoiling inside herself; Maria couldn’t hold the act anymore. Maria loved the stage much as her daughter did but the worry in Alicia’s eyes stopped her from gaining traction. “… Would think for a moment I hadn’t already picked up on you.”

Alicia was thunderstruck, the look of confusion and processing what she heard made Maria snicker. “Wait, what? Are you serious?”

“My dear you aren’t half as clever or sneaky as you think you are. I know about Miko, and at least two girls from the restaurant, and that boy Isoroku as well.” She neglected to mention Daichi for Alicia’s sake.

“But… why didn’t you mention it? Why let me keep a secret?”

“Two reasons, niña. First, knowing information and using it are very different things. Know what to keep to yourself, you would be surprised to see just how much more free information you can pick up if people don’t think you know the core truth and they discuss only peripheral information.”

“Let them dig their own grave?”

“Pretty much.”

“And the second reason?”

“You thinking you had to be sneaky acted as its own check to your actions. How much more would you have tried if you had more freedom of action?”

“Damnit mom!” Maria was grinning at her daughter’s reaction. “Have you mentioned it to Dad?”

“Strong marriages aren’t built on secrets, my dear.” Ally had no trepidation as to her father’s acceptance. She would always be Daddy’s Girl.

“So… if she says yes. Would you be ok if I brought her around?”

“Would it stop you if I said no?”

“No. I mean, I would still see her, but I would respect your boundaries. But I would like to know I have your blessing.”

Maria patted her daughter’s hands. Normally their conversations aren’t so serious, it was weird not messing with Alicia, she made it so easy. But this wasn’t the time. “You do, my love. Go get her.”

Present Day

Alicia glided through her living room towards her bedroom, wanting to change out of her wet panties before the certain request for updates from her mom. No such luck.

“Hija, I take it the news is favorable?”

Ally stopped, sighed, and turned on her heels, plastering a grin on her face to accurately reflect her exuberance. “It is, mom! Turns out she feels the same way! She has to work tonight otherwise we would be hanging out still. You’ll like her, very focused on academics and her future.”

Maria stood up, sensing some information being withheld, she had a pretty good idea already, but Alicia didn’t need that dropped on her right now. But she could plant the seed. “I’m so happy for you, give me a hug.” Alicia hugged her mom, acutely aware of the state of her panties still, hoping her mom wouldn’t detect anything amiss.

“Go, hija, take a shower. Freshen up before dinner, we’ll have our own celebration.” Alicia turned and went to her bathroom. Stripping off her skirt she looked at herself in the mirror wearing just her purple blouse and black lace thong. She would have to do laundry this afternoon, maybe once more for the road? As she sat on the toilet seat and released, panties still around her waist, her mom’s words Friday echoed in her brain, “knowing information and using it are two different things.” She said take a shower… did she know?

___

Nancy walked the remaining blocks to her house singing to herself Have You Ever Loved A Woman by Brian Adams. A little premature for that sentiment, but it seemed at least a tiny bit appropriate, and besides, it’s a beautiful song. Nancy was a sucker for Spanish guitar and loved to dance and sway to music.

Nobody else was home this time of day for her, both parents still at work. Dropping her stuff off in the front closet and kicking off her shoes she made her way to the kitchen for some water before taking the shower she knew she needed. She walked through the house and down the hall of their ranch house, unbuttoning her pants as she did so, all the while still humming Adams’ song. In her room she pulled her pants past her hips, catching a glimpse of herself in her closet door mirror. She thought of Ally, would she appreciate what she saw if and when they got to this point? Clearly she had been enjoying what effect her actions had on Nancy, she could still feel her body’s response to what she saw, having never been able to properly clean herself.

Ally had exposed her most intimate secret, and more or less her most intimate places to Nancy, that thong leaving little to the imagination. Her pants were midway to her knees when the thought crept into her mind.

Should she? Could she?

Clearly Ally enjoyed herself but she was adamant that this kink was not something that need be pursued if Nancy objected. But did she object?

As a scientist at heart she knew she needed evidence to make the determination, and now seemed as good a time as any. There was just one question remaining. What to wear?

These pants had clearly seen some things today and were ready for a good washing, but should she put on underwear for her first time? Ally had said cotton felt the best to pee in, and as luck would have it the two pair she owned were both cotton bikinis, one pink and one black.

If she was going to pee herself for the first time she would want to show Ally, and while she imagined the sight of wet pants would excite Ally it didn’t feel like an even trade, but she wasn’t yet comfortable sending anything nude. Underwear it is. Nancy decided of the two pink will be more obvious. Dropping her pants to the floor she walked to her bedside table. Behind her sock in the back of the drawer were her barely (never?) worn pink panties. Pulling the unfamiliar material up and settling them into place she felt like she was wearing a swimsuit as she pulled the khaki pants back on.

Ugh, why do people bother with these?

She remembered the state of her pants for most of the day.

Oh, right. Makes sense. Still, ugh.

Now to try to pee herself for the first time…

Bringing her phone she walked into the bathroom that served as a suite set between her room and the house office on the other side. She stood in the tub.

I wonder if anyone else I know has tried this…

She tried to relax but the idea of this was so foreign to all 18 plus years of training she was having problems breaking the seal. She thought of Ally’s face the first time that morning, the relaxed shoulders, the calm expression. Nancy exhaled, relaxed, and released.

It started slow. A warm bloom in her panties. The heat caught her off guard and she clamped shut, which instantly made her feel silly.

She said to the woman in the bathroom mirror, “Of course it was going to be warm, doofus, now let’s do this.”

She repeated her exhale and relaxation and the bloom turned into a puddle, then a pond, then her legs began to feel the warmth as her pee overflowed her pink cotton panties and traveled down to her feet. She looked at herself in the mirror and saw the wetness in her crotch and on her legs, but she noticed in this position not much showed on the front. Not good for a pick to Ally. Nancy cupped her crotch as she continued peeing, making sure to spread the wet stain for maximum effect.

It felt heavenly.

Not just the relief, but the act itself, enhanced further by the effect she was sure it would have on her new girlfriend.

She liked peeing her pants.

Nancy Ryan pisses her pants

She said to the woman in the mirror “I pissed my pants, and I love it.”

Smiling at the self realization she grabbed her phone from the counter, framed a photo of her pants without a face and took the shot. She then unbuttoned her pants, pulled them partway down to expose the front of her panties, clearly soaked, and took another photo.

Nancy reviewed the photos, felt they were sufficiently sexy but uncompromising, and composed a message to Ally.

- I did a thing.

She sent the pic of her pants, then her panties, and set her phone down to begin undressing

She instantly heard two back to back noises of messages received, looking down she saw replies from Ally

- OMG!!

- FaceTime me PLEASE!!

Nancy laughed, shook her head, and connected the call.

“Girl, ohmygod I can’t believe you did that! That’s was fast!” In a lower voice Ally asked, “ Are you still wearing, can I see?”

Nancy, smiling ear to ear, angled the camera to show her still visible underwear and pants “yep! You caught me just before I jumped in the shower. After all that happened today I felt I needed to try it too!”

“And?”

“And would you like to take me lingerie shopping this weekend? I’m going to need more than just these and a matching black pair if we’re going to do this together.”

“”EEEK! Ohmygod this is the most awesome day of my life! So you like it?”

“I do, I see why you do it, thanks again for sharing this with me. Are you still wearing yours?”

Ally nodded and panned the camera down her body showing she still wore everything but her skirt. “Yep, I even did it one more time when I got home.” Her face took on a more serious expression, “I think my mom may have hinted to me she knows about this.”

“Uh oh, what does that mean?”

“Not sure. Probably nothing, knowing her that’s her opening salvo of teasing. I’ve put her through worse things, I feel. But I also told her about us and she was super happy!”

Nancy smiled at the camera. A supportive family on the other side will make this much easier to navigate. Then a thought crossed Nancy’s mind. “So, you realize we are both standing here on screen in wet panties.”

“Oh yeah, another first for us! What a day!”

“Well I was thinking,” Nancy said in a playful voice, “I’m not ready to remove these panties just yet, they feel SO good wet, but I’m definitely going to do something about this feeling they’re giving me. Care to join me!”

Ally’s mouth dropped open as she laid back on her bed, voice still low.

“Ms Ryan, are you asking me to touch myself with you?”

Nancy’s left hand had already slid her pants off her legs and was running up the wet fabric of her pink panties. “I suppose I am. Game?”

Ally’s face filled with lust “I’ve already started. Oh I love the feel of my wet underwear on my knuckles… where are you?”

Nancy concurred with the sentiment as her finger traveled inside her panties finding her body eager for the touch of her fingers. “My bathroom right now, but the house is empty and nobody will be here for hours. Where do you want me to be?”

“Somewhere near a window, looking towards me… ohh… while you touch yourself… tell me what you're feeling. Talk to me.”

Nancy moved to the sliding glass door off the kitchen facing the back yard, there was little chance of being seen here but she could see enough to feel exposed. “It feels incredible. The wetness of the fabric on my fingers, ohh… enhancing the feeling as I slide inside myself. I can… feel the wet panties clinging to my butt when I shift my legs for better access. I’m leaning on my dining table, pushing the cloth back against me, I can feel some pee squeeze out and drip onto my naked feet. Your turn. Talk to me, darling.”

On the screen Ally was having a hard time keeping her face in the frame and set the phone on its side on the kickstand. “I’m… so close. I’m so worked up from showing you… What I like. And the way you accepted it, and now this… I love knowing you peed yourself on purpose, then shared it. Now this…”

No other words were legible as Nancy and Ally watched each other was they continued masturbating. Nancy stared into the lens, locking eyes with Ally as Ally came. The look in her eyes at Nancy as she climaxed did it for Nancy, the orgasm hitting her like a freight train. Her first words after clarity returned was “Jesus if my panties weren’t already soaked.”

“I’m certain my mom heard me this time. Wow.”

“I hope I didn’t make it awkward.”

Ally giggled, “No, turnabout is fair play. I’ve heard her and Dad plenty in my life.” Ally sat up on the bed, Nancy could still see she was angling the lense to show her crotch. “I never asked you, are your parents ok with their daughter in a lesbian relationship?”

Lesbian relationship. I hadn’t put that label on it yet. I guess it is.

“Oh yeah, I came out to them years ago. Funny thing was, they didn’t bat an eye, almost expected it. I think my mom is bi.”

“Ooh, sounds like a story! Do tell!”

Nancy sat down on a wooden rocking chair, flinching at the cooling soaked fabric still hugging her body.

“I’ve known since I knew what attraction was I liked girls as well as boys. I really don’t seem to prefer gender so much as the person. My parents had always been very open with me regarding sex being a thing, and should I have questions I should come to them as most teenagers don’t know what they don’t know. They would always be gender inclusive talking about my potential future love life when I was you. ‘When you find a boy or girl’, that sort of thing.

“I asked them to sit with me one day after school, some kid at school had accused another of playing both sides of the fence and realization hit me: I do that. It shook me pretty bad, I knew I needed to talk.

“When I asked them about not being more drawn to one sex over the other my mom smiled and said almost flippantly ‘it’s natural, my love. You’ll discover a lot about yourself over the next decade. Some of these truths will remain true, others will run their course and evolve into new truths. Your father and I will love you regardless.’

“Dad was almost amused by the conversation but was absolutely my cheerleader. ‘No judgments here,’ and ‘be yourself, we love you,’ not the reaction I expected. I didn’t for a second fear my parents’ reaction, but it was like he knew before I did.

“I was all ‘So you guys would be ok if I bring a girl here to hang out with? That won’t weird you two out or anything?’

“Dad said evenly, ‘no, darling. You have a safe place here for whoever you see. Quite honestly there are less consequences with girls than boys. Keep your grades up and your mind focused on your academic goals and we won’t get in the way of your romances.’

“I just stood up from the dining room table, hugged each of my parents tightly, then strode out of the dining room. Just through the doorway I leaned against the wall, my mind trying to wrap itself around how to feel, when I heard Dad say to Mom, clearly smiling at some hidden meaning ‘like mother like daughter!’

“‘Indeed!’ Came the only reply I waited around to hear before putting more distance between myself and my parents. They clearly did not intend for me to hear them.

“So, I thought. Mom was bi, or is. And this was enough of her personality that they almost expected me to be as well. That comment had rattled around in my head on occasion but in the subsequent couple of years my parents had held to what they said, being most pleasant to any boy or girl I brought home as my current interest.”

Ally listened intently, it sounded very similar to her parents’ approach, if a bit more of a formal announcement. “So, love of the ladies runs in the family, huh?”

“It must, I’ve known all my life I like both boys and girls. Just like the commando thing you find so intriguing it’s just part of who I am.”

“Not so much anymore, I hope.”

Nancy grinned. “While I intend to explore this with you it’s still not my everyday style. Now it’s time to take these off and I really, really need a shower.

Ally sat up “One more look for the road?”

Nancy stood in front of a mirror still in her blue Care Bears shirt and very wet pink panties. She twisted her body showing her butt as well. “Screen cap if you want, but please hide the photos and delete the texts.”

“Already done, sweetie.” Nancy did much the same for Ally.

“See you tomorrow. Kiss!” Nancy hung up and tossed the phone to the bed. She took one more look in the mirror for herself.

This really is sexy!

She stripped her clothes, dropping her shirt and the simple white bra she had been wearing into the hamper followed by her khakis. She looked at herself in the mirror one last time. She cupped her breasts in her hand, enjoying the release from the bra for a moment, and vainly enjoying her reflection in the mirror. Dark hair to her shoulder blades, bright blue-green eyes, skin prone to tanning, and unfamiliarly wearing panties. With a large wet stain front and center. She found herself curiously loath to remove them.

Back to reality.

She pulled them off her body, running a hand once more through her trimmed but full bush, and hopped into the still-running water.

A hot shower did wonders to put her feet back on the ground, refocusing her on tonight’s tasks at work and upcoming projects for school. She stepped out of the bathroom, toweled off and grabbed a pair of hip hugger jeans she had taken from her mom’s old clothes, a simple black bra and work polo to wear to her job this evening.

Quickly dressing, Nancy made herself a quick dinner before walking out to her old yellow Jeep Wrangler. This vehicle was her favorite thing she owned, her dad had bought it for her at 16 and she kept it just as nice as the day she first saw it. No doors, no roof, manual transmission, it was as no frills as it could get but she loved the feeling of driving it, and if she was being really honest, she enjoyed the attention it brought. The Jeep was older than she was, and the looks on the faces, mostly men, of this young, pretty girl driving it was, to Nancy, a good feeling indeed.

At work she was in the office tasked with pulling out a box of flyers for an upcoming promotion. She found them in the bottom and far corner of the shelving stack but the box proved to be heavier than she anticipated. Nancy squatted down for better leverage and was almost done when she heard a male voice behind her.

“Need a hand, Nancy?”

She was suddenly aware that this position almost certainly meant her butt was exposed, she could feel the air on her skin. She stood up quickly and pulled her jeans back into place “Hey, Mark, sorry for mooning you there. I could use a hand, yes.”

“I saw nothing,” he lied, granting her the grace of dignity. Mark was her favorite coworker and an old friend. Her age, a hair under 6 ft, dirty blond hair, green eyes, golden skin and a svelte physique he seemed to her like the type that would run his own fishing tour or river expedition.

As Mark pulled the box out he made small talk. “Are you ok now? You really seemed shaken in class this morning.”

Honey, if you only knew what I’ve seen and done today.

Suddenly she was aware that his face was only a foot from her crotch. A crotch that only a few short hours ago had been covered by pee soaked panties while she played with it. Now only a thin layer of denim separates his lips from hers. Another intrusive thought came. Would Mark enjoy peeing himself? The thought did turn her on.

“Yeah sorry to worry you, it was a weird morning. I may have started a new relationship today.”

“Oh yeah? Is it that Ally girl?”

Nancy was surprised, “How did you know that?”

“Word gets around, I guess y’all were seen kissing at lunch.” Nancy blushed, hoping that was all people saw.

That explains Mr Harmon comment.

“Well thanks for pulling these out, I need to start organizing them for next week. Thanks again Mark. Tell Tracy hi for me.”

“I will. Can I tell her you have a girlfriend? I think she’s a bit jealous of us working together, thinks you’ll steal me or something.”

Nancy giggled, “Yes you can tell her if it will smooth the sailing I’m off the market, as it were. But so we are clear I’m not gay.” Nancy turned around and squatted back down, knowing full well her butt was showing again.

“I know that, but she won’t. Later, Nancy.”

Nancy’s phone vibrated in her back pocket, she saw a text received from Ally. Cautiously she opened the app, not knowing what to expect. Her eyes first saw the photos she had earlier sent of her wet panties.

Frick, I really need to delete that.

She looked lower to the new messages.

- Hey, give me a call when you get a few, it’s been an interesting evening.

Nancy checked the time, she was off in an hour. It didn’t seem urgent so she closed her phone and went back to work.

“Good night, Mark. See you Saturday!” Mark walked to a waiting car, inside she could see Tracy waiting impatiently. Blonde, blue eyes, very typical SoCal aura, Nancy didn’t particularly like her. She just seemed fake, like she had seen too many reality shows about SoCal and that was how she was supposed to be. Too bad, she was really cute.

Nancy walked across the dimly lit parking lot to her Jeep. As Mark and Tracy pulled out of the lot she opened her phone and connected the call to Ally, wanting to end this before she got onto the road. She had Bluetooth installed along with decent speakers as the only modern upgrade in the Jeep, but wind and other ambient noises made it difficult for the other person to understand so it really only worked if she was stopped anyway.

Ally answered on the second ring “Hey, pretty girl, you private?”

“Uh, hey yourself sexy girlfriend. I’m as private as my work parking lot can be. Nobody can overhear us if that's what you’re asking.”

“Yep. So… it’s been an interesting evening.”

Nancy settled in against the fender of the Jeep, enjoying the ocean breeze over the desert landscape. “Oh yeah, what happened?”

“Well the short of it is I’m pretty sure my mom knows I peed myself today.”

Nancy’s heart sank, “Oh god, Honey, are you ok?”

“What?” Ally seemed confused by Nancy’s concern, then realized Nancy hadn’t met her parents and wasn’t yet aware of the dynamic between herself and Maria. “Oh, right. You don’t know Mom. No she isn’t going to judge me or ridicule me, she’s just going to mess with me. She has a unique sense of humor.”

“Maybe you should explain?”

“Ok, so not 5 seconds after I got off the phone with you Mom barges into my room. My bad, I know better than not to lock the door. I’m standing there, facing her, still in my soaked underwear and blouse. She doesn’t even flinch at the sight of me, it’s not uncommon for us to be in just underwear, but she throws my skirt to me and says ‘you were supposed to shower not play with yourself, now put back on your skirt on, we are meeting your dad for dinner.’ Thankfully she couldn’t see the wetness but I’m sure she could smell the pee and arousal thick in the room. She is just standing there with the smallest of smirks on her face as I pull up my skirt, leaving me no time to change or even remove my panties as she hustles me out the door and to the car.”

“Whoa. That’s awkward.” Nancy had been walked in on playing with herself, her mom didn’t even bat an eye as she hung up the shirt for Nancy. “Sorry about that,” was all her mom had said on her way back out.

“I’m sure she enjoyed every moment of it. She glanced at me a few times in the car, my hands in my lap. I’m sure I blushed when she glanced from my lap to look me in the eye, then she grinned and turned away. So we meet dad at a nice restaurant in the Gas Lamp, walking around like nothing happened. It was a pleasant dinner, even enjoyable knowing I’m in damp panties, and mom knows, and she puts me in a public setting just to see how I will react. We discussed you and me with my dad a little, he is very supportive. We all come home and as she and dad head to the bedroom she kisses my cheek and say ‘I hope you enjoyed the night out,’ gives me a final pointed look, and heads to bed. That was when I texted you.”

Nancy was incredulous, she couldn’t fathom having such an encounter with her mom, she’d rather the world swallow her whole. “So what did you do?”

“My homework.”

“Your homework? Just like that?”

“Yep, figured I would hear from you about now so I don’t want to get in the shower and risk missing you.”

Nancy shifted, thinking she would have used the bathroom before they closed up. “Wait, are you still in them?”

“In what?” Ally knew what Nancy was talking about but wanted to hear it come from her voice

“You know, silly.” Nancy said, smiling

“I can’t think of what you might be asking me”

Nancy caught Ally’s drift and replied in a more seductive tone “Are you still wearing… that… sexy… tiny… beautiful… black lace… piss soaked thong you so deliberately teased me with, and used as a tool to convince me into wetting my own panties today?”

In an impressively convincing southern drawl Ally responded “Oh that li’l’ ol thang? Why indeed I am, Ms Ryan.” Ally immediately heard the FaceTime chime in her ear, she grinned and accepted the video call. She saw Nancy’s beautiful face, hair pulled back in a ponytail for work. “I see I have your undivided attention. Or was it just these?” Ally lowered the camera to her waist and lifted her skirt to show Nancy her black lace underwear still sitting on her hips.

“Oh it’s definitely you, my dear. But I can’t believe you’ve had wet panties on for, what, 14 hours now?”

Ally shrugged. “It’s not the first time I’ve worn them all day. I told you I can be a bit kinky.”

“What’s your record?”

“Umm… probably about now. I’ve never clocked it but this is about normal shower time.”

“And what’s your record for number of times in a day?”

“Today ties it, 4. But only one other time. Mostly I do it just to relieve tension, get off, and throw them in the laundry.”

Nancy’s heart was beating faster. She couldn’t believe how much had changed since she woke up this morning, and what she was saying now. “Want to set a new record with me now?”

Ally looked confused for a heartbeat then understanding hit her hard. Was she really hearing her correctly? “Are you asking me to pee myself a fifth time today?”

Nancy smiled coyly “I’m asking you my sexy, kinky girlfriend,” Nancy was enjoying using that word, “if you would be willing to wet yourself a second time with me today. That it makes a record fifth time for you today makes it more exciting for me.”

Ally’s eyes were wide and heart raced. She could definitely go again. “But you have to drive home.”

Nancy pointed the phone to her Jeep. “Vinyl seats and rubber floors. Nothing I will do would hurt my baby.”

Ally was getting turned on, was this about to happen, again, with this wonderful person?

How could I be so lucky?

“What are you wearing?”

Nancy realized Ally had only seen her face and polo collar, she aimed the lens down her body showing her light jeans.

One final sanity check from Ally, “how will you get inside your home without your parents knowing?”

“I park in the garage where the laundry is and then enter through the back door. I keep a robe by the washer as it’s more common than you would think I come home smelling like all hell from these animals. It wouldn’t be at all unusual for me to strip before entering.”

“You have this all figured out don’t you?”

“It’s fate. You in? Otherwise I gotta let you go because I’m getting a bit desperate here.”

Ally jumped up and ran to her hamper, “In! But give me a sec to prep!” She found a used towel and laid it on the carpet below her. Removing her skirt so as not to get in the way of the show she stood in front of the full length mirror in just her blouse and thong. “Does this look good?”

Nancy for her part was equally horny and desperate. “Good enough to eat.”

Damnit Nancy, pushing too far

“Ooh hoo hoo, I will take you up on that!” Coo’d Ally. “Can I watch you?”

Nancy balanced the phone on the fender of the Jeep. Framing herself in the lens she kicked off her shoes. Lastly she unbuttoned her jeans, showing the bare strip of flesh behind the zipper and a few closely cropped follicles of hair

Give her just a little taste of what I have, Nancy thought, anticipating the feel of warmth before it came.

In unison the girls relaxed, Nancy felt the warm urine falling into her jeans as she saw the same happening on the screen with her girlfriend. “You’re right, it is much easier the second time. God, that’s a good feeling.”

Ally put her fingers into the stream. 5 times in one day. God what this girl does to me.

“I like squatting if I’m in jeans, personally. I like it on my butt more than around my knees.”

Nancy instantly dropped into a squat position, the wetness not yet to the knee. She felt the warm liquid travel down her skin to her butt, warming the seat of her jeans. “Ooh yeah, agreed. I’ll be sitting in this all the way home!”

Ally’s stream trickled off as she rubbed her panties for maximum wetness. “Will you turn around? I want to see you from behind.”

“You just want to see my ass hanging out.”

Ally was rubbing inside her panties now "I really do, while you piss yourself.”

Nancy obliged, even making sure just a bit more of her butt was visible, keeping her polo pulled up. She knew she would be doing the same thing Ally was doing now when she got back home. No chance to jill off driving a doorless manual Jeep. She swayed her hips as the final spurts of pee fell from her soaked jeans. Standing up Nancy made sure nobody was around, though unnecessary given the local topography, she left her jeans low on her hips as she turned towards the camera. Ally was close to climax by the looks of it, Nancy got closer to the lens and slipped her hand into her jeans, figuring Ally wouldn’t need much more encouragement.

The sight of her girlfriend’s fingers moving inside the wet denim did it for Ally. “Oh god, oh Nancy, oh baby!” Her face contracted as she came hard, body convulsing as waves of pleasure rippled through her abdomen.

Ally came down, thankful she had stifled a scream. She didn’t need more fodder for her mom to use. “I really, really need a shower.”

“Good way to break your record?” Nancy asked removing her hand from her jeans. “I really need to get driving home. Dad just asked if I was ok. I think he worries about my Jeep too much, thinks it’ll leave me stranded.”

“Well we don’t want that in your current state.”

“God, no. This is just for us.” Ally noticed Nancy said ‘us,’ not ‘you’. She couldn’t help a tear coming out. “Ally, honey, you appear to be leaking from another orifice now.”

“All good, I’m just happy. I will see you tomorrow?”

“First thing! Sweet dreams of pleasant things, Ms Tanaka.”

Nancy ended the call without waiting for a reply. She wiped her busy hand on her jeans to dry off, texted her dad back that she was fine, just held up briefly at work, was headed home now.

God if you only knew what your daughter was up to.

Without buttoning her jeans she pulled them back up to proper position, enjoying the naughty feeling of the cooling denim against her skin, and climbed in the Jeep. She wiggled her butt as she settled in, giggling at the absurd situation.

She said to nobody. “18 year old scholar student and local athlete drives her open Jeep in piss soaked jeans. Welp, this Jeep won’t drive itself.” Feeling the wet denim on her legs and sensitive, engorged lips as she pushed in the clutch, it was going to be a fun drive home. The engine roared to life and out of the parking lot she went, pointed home.

At a stop light a boy in a crossover pulled up next to her, glancing her way. She looked at her lap self-consciously and though you could easily tell between her legs she was wet, there really wasn’t any evidence readily noticeable from an adjacent car unless it was a large truck… or if she got pulled over. Not likely, the Jeep was many things, but quick it was not.

Being wet in public, nobody knowing, was certainly a high. She understood why Ally did it now.

She looked at herself in the rear view mirror, “I’m going to do it. I’m going to piss myself at school one day soon.”

Nancy pulled into her garage and, as described to Ally, stripped her clothes and changed into a robe. She wiped down the seat of her Jeep before going inside. “Hey mom, hi dad!”

Her dad called over his shoulder, “Hey sweetheart, how was your day?”

How do I describe the best day of my life when I don’t want to share any details?

“It was great. Really good. Let me take a shower and I’ll tell you about it.”

Nancy went to her room and turned on her shower. She had an important question to answer.

Masturbate on the bed or in the shower?

She then saw the pink, still very much wet panties from earlier on her hamper.

Oops, gotta be more careful. At least mom isn’t Maria.

Suddenly she knew how she was going to get off. Grabbing the wet panties she pulled them up her legs. Wincing at the cold seat of the still very soaked underwear she started second guessing this line of thought, but her finger traced over her stimulated lips, feeling the wet cotton against her clit, and all trace of hesitance was replaced with certainty. Stepping into the bathroom to watch herself, she let her fingers slide into the wet panties, onto her wet sex.

Ally pissed herself for me 5 times. I pissed myself twice. Ally went to classes wet, I drove home in wet jeans, nobody ever saw. Nobody knows but us and Maria. I’m getting off in panties I wet hours ago.

“Oh god!” That last thought and the sight of her moving knuckles in the pink cotton clearly wet finished her off.

Nancy couldn’t resist one last picture to Ally.

- Used these to get off tonight! Thinking of you, see you tomorrow!

She took a pic of her kissing in the mirror, arms over her breasts but wet panties clearly visible, then stripped to take a shower.

Out of the shower Nancy toweled off and opened her dresser for clothes to wear back to her parents. She saw the wet panties still on the floor.

What the hell am I thinking? she thought as she slipped them back on her hips, growing to enjoy the wet cotton fabric against her skin. She would forego a bra, choosing a simple UCSD hoodie, enjoying feeling of her bare nipples on the soft fabric. Pulling on some black sweat pants Nancy returned to the living room. She wouldn’t be there long but she had to make an appearance and say good night.

“So tell us about your day, hun,” her mom said as Nancy sat down on the sofa adjacent to them.

Audrey Ryan was what Nancy would look like with dirty blonde hair and fair skin. Strikingly pretty in a natural way hard to define, like Nancy she was 5 ft 7 with larger breasts and wider hips than Nancy, she nonetheless kept herself very fit for 45, often running on the cliffs of Torrey Pines after work or going to various workout classes with their neighbor, Eileen. She had given Nancy her intense light colored eyes presenting a keen intellect, thick eyebrows, pointed nose and full lips. Matt Ryan was a hair over six foot and built like a runner, thin and lean. From him she received her thick, dark hair and olive skin, though his jaw gave his face a more heart shaped than the ovular shape of Audrey and Nancy. She wished she had gotten his soft brown eyes along with his hair. They were, to her, the embodiment of gentle kindness.

“Well…Ally and I are officially a thing! She actually kind of instigated it, so we are seeing where this goes. She’s great, you’ll like her, mom.” Nancy caught the quick look and smirk her parents shared.

Oh yeah. She likes girls, too.

Her dad recovered first. “Congratulations darling, are her parents going to be ok with it?”

“She’s an adult so really it’s her decision, but Ally says they know and are accepting.”

I’m really having a conversation about my love life with my parents, in my living room, while wearing peed panties.

She moved her knees together to disturb the wet fabric, she wanted to feel the wetness, to know it was there.

Audrey replied “That’s good, that’s my only hesitation with you dating a girl. Life is dramatic enough, you don’t need the negativity of being the wedge in a family issue distracting you.”

Nancy decided to test the waters. “Do you speak from experience? Have you dated women with unaccepting families?”

Audrey searched for the right reply. “I had a life before your father, and I’ve had a wonderful life with your father. Let’s just say I’ve experienced a lot to really appreciate what I have… yes, I have dated women, with varying degrees of drama. That’s all we will say on that topic.”

Women. Plural. Knew it!

“Thanks, guys. For everything. Your concern and support mean a lot. I’m headed to bed, y'all sleep well.”

Nancy hoped she didn’t have a wet butt as she turned away to head back to the bedroom.

Audrey did see some curious moist patterns on her daughter’s pants.

Whatever. Don’t care. Time for some fun.

Audrey could feel the toy she had inside her butt, where it had resided since that morning when she asked Matt to insert it. She had been flexing her sphincter around the plug the entire time her daughter had been there, she and Matt had been on pins and needles for Nancy to get home so they could head next door where Eileen was waiting for them. Poor Nancy knew not how deep these still waters ran.

Nancy walked to her bedroom and stripped her pants first, looking at herself in a grey hoodie and pink soiled panties. Her fingers caressed the wet fabric once more before concluding it’s bed time. She was just stepping out of her panties when she heard a noise outside. She kicked the panties into the hamper, proud at the perfect shot she achieved, then bending over her bed naked at the waist she saw her parent walking hand in hand next door.

“Odd. Where are they going?”

Whatever, she was tired and spent. Off came the hoodie and she slid into bed naked. Sleep found her soon after.

