A woman's fantasy

Author: KarenWets

*000*2026-03-20 10:05

Feeling naughty. Having a date night with my husband planned. Wanting to share a little fantasy that gets my heart racing.

___

It's late in the evening and my husband is paying the restaurant bill after a five course meal. I get up from my chair and realize my legs aren't completely steady. Three glasses of wine are more than I'm used to. I also realize as a stand up: I need to pee.

But the waiter is already bringing our coats from the wardrobe. As he's helping me into my coat it makes me feel like a precious lady. Of course I could go the the restrooms and relieve my bladder but it'd break the moment and it wouldn't be as convenient to go to the ladies' room while already wearing my coat.

My need feels very much present but doesn't feel super urgent. So I hold on to my husband's arm and we stroll out of the restaurant.

This place is downtown and the parking lot is a few hundred yards away. As we walk outside a gush of wind chills me. The wine had made me feel warm and cozy but now I'm suddenly cold. Even worse, my bladder responds quickly to the cold. Suddenly my need *is* urgent. And every step I take on the uneven pavement in my heels sends another little jolt up my pelvic floor.

For a few seconds I slow down. Debate internally. Should I go back in and use that restroom after all? It's really really urgent now. But I'm slightly embarrassed by the thought. Besides, by now we're half way to the car. If I can sit down in the car I should be able to control my bladder for a while. It's only a 10 minute drive home. Things will probably get stressfull reaching the toilet, but at least I'd be home then.

So I walk on.

Big mistake. Only a few steps in, a big wave of urgence hits me. I have to stop walking, hang on to mu husband's arm en steady my pelvic floor with all I have within me. A sense of fear strikes me. My breath goes short. My nipples harden (or was that the cold?).

My husband asks if I'm okay. Reluctantly, I am. But I gotta pee so bad. He says we'll soon be home.

We walk again. And within a short distance another wave of urgency hits. I know: this is bad news. The waves already so close together... that means I'll never be able to hold it in. As I try to steady myself again, my eyes frantically scan the surroundings. I'll go behind a bush, a tree, a car door, anywhere. But there's no good cover. And there are passers by. I have no options.

We walk again. And suddenly I feel myself spring a leak. My underwear suddenly warm and very wet. Didn't even feel that coming! And it happens. A wave of urgency pushes down on my already leaking bladder. I gasp. I can't hold it. I'm peeing. Trying to squeeze my pelvic floor to stop the flow but it doesn't fully stop and the urgency pushes again and its out of control and I'm literally doing it all in my pants.

I find myself crying softly in embarrassment. Utterly helpless. Unable to come up with any ideas how to fix this. Hoping for my sweet husband to help me.

But not tonight. He's not the sweet husband now. He takes me firmly by the arm and strides to the car. Walking quicker than I can on my heels. Practically pulling me along. I'm openly crying now.

Then he tells me off, firmly, as he opens de car door for me.

Take off your coat and put it on the seat.

I teary eyed comply. Hating the idea of having a pee stain in my expensive coat, but that's a later worry.

Your sweater, too.

I'm numb. Crying silently. Comply.

Your shirt.

Your bra.

Then he makes me sit in the car. My dress pants completely soaked and now cooling around my legs.

My bare tits and belly on full view.

He drives.

Street lights hit me. Expose me. Humiliate me. My big tits are not my pride today, they're my shame.

The baby pounds the never left my belly are convicting me.

Shameful slut Karen.

Every next street light repeats my embarrassment to the full. Every dark spot only a momentary relief.

