Winter Flying

Author: Xx4evRockerxX

*000*2026-03-05 13:39

This… Is a long one. Largely unedited, just a quick read-through for glaring errors.

—-

Part 1 - The Airport

There was already about half a foot accumulated on the ground, and it was still snowing. I gripped the steering wheel firmly and continued carefully down the highway. I had no idea if I was in an actual lane, there weren’t any visible lines. Where were the plow trucks?

Fortunately, there was also not many other drivers on the road, so I guess my likely lane departures didn’t really matter. Seems like most other people had the good sense to stay home in this weather.

I was on my way to the airport to fly to my parent’s house. They weren’t exactly youthful anymore and my dad had one of the thousand respiratory viruses going around this time of year. I had a week off for the Holidays, so offered to come help with him and the house. Little did I know when I booked the (non-refundable) tickets that it would be in the middle of a winter storm.

The drive to the airport should’ve taken around an hour and a half normally. Add in two hours to get through security, boarding, and such. Call it four hours total from leaving my house to the plane taking off. Normally…

With the snow though, I doubled the drive time, and gave myself three hours for the commute, leaving five hours early. Plenty of time. Right?

Four hours into the drive, I passed by the sign, saying the exit for the airport was coming up in several miles. Not terrible. I still had around an hour to park, check in, get through security… I was cutting it far too close.

To make it all so much worse, I had to pee. Badly.

I’d brought tea in a travel mug to help stay warm during the drive, and downed that in the first hour. It was probably partially out of nerves from driving in the snow, and partly from anxiety about flying, but I mindlessly sipped my way through the tea in a hurry. I was feeling thirsty in the dry snowy air, so I cracked open a bottle of water, with the same effect. Downed and gone quickly.

Still thirsty and a bit nervous, I opened my last water bottle, careful to slowly sip this one through the remainder of the drive.

But as I neared my destination, all that mindless fluid wanted out. Some quick mental math told me I’d drank almost two liters on this slippery and long drive. Obviously I don’t know how big my bladder is, but I’m sure it can’t hold that much.

I couldn’t stop anywhere. I doubted anywhere else was even open with the weather as bad as it was, and I certainly couldn’t afford any more time delays searching for somewhere. The roads were horrible and I had to drive even slower than anticipated. I could pull off to the side of the road, but that felt weird. Squatting in fresh side-of-the-road snow. Not my favorite idea.

Squatting to pee in general wasn’t a move I was well-practiced in anyway. I’d only ever done so twice before. Once in Undergrad on the way home from the bar only because my friends also did so and encouraged me to join them. And a second time out pure curiosity in my backyard while sunbathing. That was the sum total of my experience with peeing anywhere besides a toilet. Well… That and very VERY rarely in the shower. Like once or twice a year, tops. And even on those infrequent occasions, I don’t squat.

I gripped the steering wheel in concentration and took the exit, seeing the airport in the distance. Finally!

Parking was horrible. The weather didn’t impact people that are already away, so there were still only limited spaces. I had to waste another ten minutes circling the lot to finally find somewhere to pull into. Forty minutes until my plane was scheduled. I wasn’t cutting it close anymore. It was looking less and less likely that I’d make it at all.

Still determined to try, I grabbed my small, wheeled suitcase and hurried to the shuttle waiting area. Lucky break! The shuttle was there and ready. I boarded, greeting the friendly driver, and found a seat diagonal from a family of four. The father was wearing jeans, which blew my mind. Who wears jeans for the displeasure of air travel? I looked down at my own light grey sweatpants, feeling a little underdressed, but at least I was comfortable.

The shuttle took off and my bladder gave a reminder squeeze with the motion. I inwardly groaned. I didn’t have time to have to pee this bad!

The shuttle arrived to the Departures area, and I hurried off before the family. Thirty minutes left. No chance of running off to the Ladies room before checking in. I didn’t bother looking for one. It would be like a tease, right there but not enough time to use it.

I went through the check in process as quickly and pleasantly as I could. The person behind the desk looked so bored, and moved so slowly, it took everything in me not to snap “hurry up!”.

I didn’t though. I was nice. It wasn’t his fault the world was against me in my desire for a toilet. He was just adding to the delays.

My suitcase met the carry-on criteria, my tickets scanned, and I was off to Security. 22 minutes left.

My heart dropped as I rounded the corner and saw the line snaking back and forth. There was no way 21 minutes would be long enough. I had to try though. I couldn’t just give up and lose all the money for the ticket.

I dutifully joined the tail of the line, one hand holding onto my suitcase, the other in a tight grasp.

The moment I stopped moving, the fidgeting started. My thighs pressed in towards each other, a knee bent, and I involuntarily started bouncing my knee while swaying slightly side to side.

Take a step forward. Fidget. Take a step forward. Fidget. Repeat.

It was an awful repetition as I watched the time tick away. Minute by minute.

I wasn’t going to make it. The flight, that is. With only eight minutes left, and a significant line still in front of me, I conceded. I wouldn’t make it to my flight. But at least that opened up the opportunity for me to make it to the bathroom, which also was starting to come into serious question.

I took one step out of line, ready to commit to a serious speed walk to my relief, when I heard and felt my phone. Buzz Ding!

Still technically in line as I’d only taken a single step, I pulled my phone out of my pocket to find a notification from the airline app. My flight was delayed! Yes! Now I could pee AND catch the plane! Fabulous!

Until I looked closer. Delayed one hour. A single hour?

I looked back at the line, realizing it had grown even longer since I had joined it. Up ahead, almost as long left to wait.

I could get out of line and go to the bathroom, but I’d never make it through the now longer line. I could continue to wait in line and maybe would make my flight, but oof, I was getting worried about my bladder capacity.

One more look at the line and I sighed, resolving myself. I was here to catch a flight home. Not to pee. I’d stay in line and hope it moved quickly.

It did not. In fact, was it… Was it moving even slower? Was that even possible? Or was it just a trick of my mind given my other priority?

I made it to the front of the line after what felt like an eternity (28 minutes). I couldn’t control my fidgeting anymore.

I swayed and rubbed my thighs against each other until yet another bored looking employee waved me forward.

I hobbled the few steps as best I could without looking obvious. I had to pee, I didn’t have to be uncivil.

“Anything to declare?” He asked barely looking at me.

A very full bladder. “No,” I replied.

“Traveling alone? For business or pleasure?” He continued.

“Alone for pleasure,” I dutifully replied. I needed this to hurry up.

“When do you plan to return?”

“A week from now,” I won’t be leaving if this drags on much longer!

He finally looked up to give me my papers before a quizzical look spread. “Are you okay?”

My face flushed with heat. I was being more obvious in my need than I thought. “I… uh… Yeah, I’m okay,” I replied through the embarrassment.

He definitely didn’t believe me. I didn’t believe me. So I swallowed my dignity in an effort not to be flagged for an additional search and continued, “Just um… Where… Where’s the nearest restroom? After we’re done here?”

The pieces finally fully clicked for him. “There is one in your terminal, Terminal D, directly across from Gate 47,” He instructed. I asked for the closest to HERE, not the one close to my gate. Regardless, I thanked him and he handed me my papers, pointing in the direction of my terminal. Just a few more minutes and I’d have my much needed relief. Just a few more minutes.

I set off at a brisk walk, my rolling suitcase barely keeping up. “Terminal D… Terminal D…” I looked at the signs as I hurried along, finally spotting Terminal D. Excellent! One step closer to peeing!

Barely… While I finally stood in Terminal D, my heart sank when I saw another sign. Gate 11.

How could I only be at Gate 11??! Weren’t terminals supposed to start in the middle, equal number of gates on each side??

I let out a noise that was a cross between a sigh and a groan, before once more taking hurried footsteps towards porcelain.

The terminal was huge. I had grossly underestimated how far Gate 11 was from Gate 47. Worse still, my plane was at Gate 49. Even further away! My sights were set on 47 though. No interruptions. No more delays. The time had arrived. I needed to pee. That was my priority.

I only had a narrow window of time to achieve it though. The clock was still ticking away. My hour extension had helped, but I was still cutting it entirely too close.

Gate 22 passed by at a clip. Gate 28… Gate 36… Gate 40…

I was going to make it! Gate 47 was in sight!!! Not a moment too soon! I kept up my accelerated pace when I heard Ding! From above. “Flight 1357 departing URO for OMO is now boarding.”

I breathed out. Boarding wouldn’t take long. The plane wasn’t one of the big ones. I’d have to hurry my time in the…. Bathroom…. My elated mood crumbled. There was a line. Not just any line, but a line that was too long. At least six or seven women from an initial glance.

Ding! “Second announcement. Flight 1357 URO to OMO now boarding!”

A second announcement? Already?

I joined the back of the line for the bathroom, unable to fully contain my wriggling, swaying, and fidgeting. The woman in front of me didn’t look much better off, matching my hurried movements, my rigid stance.

Ding! “Flight 1357. Third announcement. Currently boarding!”

No way! I’d given up trying to keep track of the time, but that was so fast! I couldn’t believe they’d been boarding for that long already!

I looked ahead in line. I was only one woman closer to the door. I had to try something.

Despite the woman in front of me looking like she too was bursting, I gently leaned forward and started, “Hi, I’m so sorry to bother you.” She looked up towards me, clear disinterest coupled with distress written on her face.

“I hate to even ask, but my flight is leaving in just a minute or two and I’m… Well, I’m quite honestly bursting at the seams. Is there any way you could let me go ahead?”

She gave a curt shake of her head. “I’m so sorry. I would, but I’m also busting and that was the third call for my flight.”

“You’re on 1357 as well?” I asked.

“Yeah,” She replied softly. “It took forever to get here in the snow and then the security line was so long…”

“Literally exactly the same,” I agreed with a slight smile. “Any chance you could…” I nodded to the woman in front of her in a blue sweater, suggesting she ask to go ahead in line. Maybe she’d let both of us by. I could hope.

She shook her head slightly. “Already asked. Same story.”

I almost stamped my foot down in frustration. Why was having to pee so bad turning into SUCH a project?!

Ding! “Last and final call for Flight 1357. Flight 1357 last and final call for boarding!”

I took one last, longing look at the tiled room in front of me. I was so close. Just a few other women between me and relief. Release. So close…

With a faint whimper, I left the line and made a beeline straight for my Gate. There would be a bathroom on the plane and surely I could get in there quickly. Maybe even more quickly than if I had stayed.

“Cutting it a little close,” the gate attendant tried to joke politely. She had no idea. I gave a half smile at her attempt as she scanned my tickets and checked me onto the plane. The interaction couldn’t have lasted long, but my ability to stand still was all but nonexistent.

Surely, she had to have noticed as she said, “There’s only one restroom on the plane, but it’s all the way in the back. You’re in Row 9, so you’ll be about halfway between there and the front of the plane. Window seat.”

“Th… Thanks,” I replied, a little surprised at how desperate I had to have appeared as she handed me my boarding pass.

As I started down the loading ramp, from behind me I heard, “Hi, cutting it a little close,” in the same pseudo-joking tone. I wondered if the woman from in front of me in line also finally gave up and rushed to board, or if she had been graced with finding her own relief before I could.

My bladder ached as I turned the corner of the ramp, and found the door of the plane, a flight attendant and pilot standing in each side. “Hi, welcome aboard!” She greeted cheerily.

*006*2026-03-08 00:39

Part 2 — New Friends

“Thank you,” I tried to give a small smile back, hoping it didn’t appear too strained.

Looking down the aisle, the plane was pretty full, most seats had someone already in them, waiting to finally take off.

I too was waiting, impatiently. Waiting to sit on a toilet. Waiting to release the torrent building inside me. Waiting to feel relief as my bladder finally slowly let… Row 9! Yes! Finally!

I collapsed the handle of my suitcase and hoisted it up to stow it in the overhead compartment. Pretty sure my consciousness left my body for a moment while I was lifting it because my bladder most definitely would’ve fully given out. It felt like it might yet still.

Even if I had an aisle seat, I wouldn’t have taken another moment to sit in it. The moment the overhead was closed, I made my way down the rest of the aisle. It was only another dozen rows, but each bump or jostle sent a wave through the bulb of liquid demanding immediate release.

It fortunately didn’t take long before I was at the back of the plane. And at the back of yet another line….

An older woman in loose black pants crossed her legs directly in front of the bathroom door. Besides her stance, she didn’t appear particular uncomfortable. Behind her stood a male, in his 20’s maybe? What could he POSSIBLY know about having to pee?? He might think he had to go. He did not. Not comparatively, anyway.

Directly in front of me was none other than the father in jeans from the shuttle earlier. He must’ve passed by me when I was in line at Gate 47. I definitely made the wrong call trying to go there, then. I could’ve been in front of him right now.

Silently cursing myself and my situation, I resigned myself to fourth and last in line. Not great, but only a few more minutes of waiting. A bit more fidgeting and I’d finally be pouring my heavy liquid out.

The older woman rushed in as the current occupant vacated the much coveted bathroom, leaving the three of us to shuffle a foot or two forward. Two more and it was my turn. Maybe I could make that only one more? Or even no more??

I leaned forward and softly said, “Hi,” to the father in front of me. He turned and offered a small smile, though there was a hint of confusion shown in his eyebrows. “Afternoon,” He replied with a slight nod.

“I’m sorry to even ask,” I continued. “And this is actually so embarrassing, but is there any way I could go before you please? I really have to go.”

I knew his answer before he even said a word based on the empathetic look on his face. “I’m so sorry. I’ll be quick, I promise. It’s just that my wife and I both have to go, but one of us has to stay and be the parent. And since she had the window seat, she let me go first. But I promised her I’d go as fast as possible so that she could go soon.”

“Again, I’m really sorry, but I have to go as soon as I can so that she can as well.” He truly looked apologetic. I assumed he didn’t actually have to go that bad, and normally would’ve let me go first given my borderline potty dance. But I couldn’t blame him for saying no. He was keeping a promise to his wife. His wife who probably also had to go worse than he did.

“No I get it,” I conceded. “Just… please hurry?”

“For you and her,” He agreed.

As our conversation concluded, the older woman came out, making way for the male who I’m sure didn’t fully appreciate how lucky he was to be in there. At the same time, a bit of commotion came from behind me.

I turned to see the woman that had been in front of me in line at Gate 47. She looked equally as frantic as earlier. Seemed she hadn’t been able to go either. Except this time, I was in front of her. A small win for me. I’d take it!

She hurried her way down the aisle as I had just minutes ago and found the line, cursing softly. Looking up, we met eyes, kindred spirits in this never ending endeavor to pee.

“I’m Julianne, by the way,” She offered as I introduced myself in return.

“Your turn,” She nodded towards the father. “I already tried,” I returned. “He has to go so his wife can go.”

She gave a confused look and I responded, “Kind of a long story. Basically, the answer is no.”

Julianne huffed out, but as I had, acknowledged this as the latest setback in our now shared toilet quest.

The father entered as the male exited and Julianne less than subtly said, “Are you kidding? Two dudes? In a row? Really?” I didn’t even have to turn toward her. I had the same feelings.

But… I was next. I was next in line! I was next in line to pee!!! I was moments away from finally getting into a bathroom, pulling my pants down, sitting on that glorious toilet and finally, FINALLY!! getting to…

“Excuse me, Miss?” A pleasant female voice to the side of me said. I turned to find a flight attendant offering me an apologetic look. “I’m unfortunately going to have to ask you to return to your seat,” She said.

No. Nope! Absolutely not! There was no way I would, no way I COULD go sit down. Not without seriously risking losing control.

“The plane is ready to pull away as soon as everyone is seated,” the attendant continued, probably seeing the turmoil in my face.

“I… I’m sorry, I just really, really need to go. Is there any way I could just pop in and go? I’ll be so fast,” I pleaded. While doing so, I also silently hoped the father would hurry up and come out so I could just slip in before this conversation dragged.

The attendant gave me a soft shake of her head. “Unfortunately the pilot is required to wait for everyone to be seated before pulling away. You’d be delaying the whole flight, and delaying the next flight for this gate from arriving.”

Wow… Way to pile on the pressure to discourage me from taking a simple pee.

I had no choice. The father was still in there (what could POSSIBLY be taking so long??? It was probably the jeans.), and I was being pressured by the whole plane (and apparently the next plane). I lowered my head and gave up on this interaction. I wasn’t going to get anywhere.

“I’m sure we’ll be in the air soon and you can go then,” the attendant offered. Hopefully I didn’t accidentally go before then.

I turned back towards my seat, Julianne was already almost back to hers. Probably gave up as soon as she heard my pleads going unanswered.

I felt like I was waddling as I walked back up the aisle, there was so much pee sitting like a lead balloon between my hips.

At my row, there was yet another twenty-something male sitting in the aisle seat. Were they growing these dudes on trees or something?!? Why was there suddenly so many all over the place?? He looked up, sensing my presence and stood slowly, but politely to let me to my seat. Fortunately, the middle seat was empty so I was able to quickly slide into my seat, immediately crossing my legs tightly.

Ding! “Attention ladies and gentlemen,” came a voice from overhead. “This is Mike Serenti, and I’ll be your Captain today,” His voice was so smooth, so calm. So… He clearly didn’t need to pee like I did.

“Given the weather, we’re expecting today’s flight to take a little longer than usual. Should be about an hour and fifty minutes once we’re airborne,” He continued. “Also on the topic of the weather, we’re going to have to go through some de-icing of the plane prior to our approach to the runway.”

Perfect! We’d stop for the de-icing, and I could FINALLY de-urine my bladder!

“Unfortunately, during this time, there is a strict requirement to remain seated. It’s usually about a 45 minute process, then we can approach the runway and take off. We’ll be at cruising altitude in probably a little over an hour when I’ll turn off the seatbelt sign and you’ll be allowed to move about the cabin. I apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.”

Inconvenience? No. This was so much more than inconvenient. This was… Dangerous. I was full. I needed to pee. Could I last another hour? Even if I could hold it, would I be able to make it to the bathroom in time?

I started to consider my competition for a place upon the prized throne.

Julianne, obviously. She was a few rows further toward the front of the plane, but she had an aisle seat. The moment she could, I had no doubt she’d take off down the aisle, surely beating me to our destination. Then of course the mother. They were already at the back of the plane so she’d probably already be in the bathroom by the time either Julianne or I got there.

That left me third in line. Not great. There had to be something I could do. Maybe I could embarrass myself once more and ask to swap for the aisle seat so I could get a running start and at least get in front of Julianne.

“Oof.” I heard as the plane made a jolting movement pulling away from the gate. Was that me? I felt the movement deep in my bladder, but I didn’t think I made any sound.

I looked up and saw the person in the aisle seat appearing uncomfortable. He caught my eye and his cheeks flushed red. “Sorry,” He apologized. “I’ve just really got to use the restroom.”

I had to have just stared at him for a moment. “Long drive in the snow,” He filled my awkward silence.

“I um… Same, actually,” I stammered out initially, still at a brief loss of words. More competition to get through.

“Honestly,” I continued once my initial shock wore off. “This is embarrassing, but I’m absolutely bursting. I was just about to ask if you would mind if we swapped seats so I could make a bit of a dash to the bathroom once we’re able to get up.”

“Oh…” Was his only reply.

What did he mean by that? What was going through his head?

“So… uh…” I continued, determined to at least try to get closer to the toilet. “Do you mind? Switching seats, that is?”

He stared ahead for another uncomfortably long while before replying gingerly, “The only reason I wasn’t in line with you, actually I probably would’ve been ahead of you, is because public bathrooms absolutely gross me out and just… I don’t know. I was hoping I could try to just hold it until we arrived and I could try to wait and go at home. My backup plan was to make a mad dash at the absolute last moment if I truly couldn’t wait at any point along the way.”

He looked up at me. “I’m worried that point is coming sooner than I had hoped.”

He looked worried. He was wearing black sweatpants and his legs were crossed the same as mine. I didn’t know males could cross their legs like that. Where did *it* go with his legs crossed? A girl’s got questions.

“No, I get it,” I tried to be reassuring. Now that I paid attention, he looked in almost worse shape than I did. He was slightly bouncing and fidgeting as well. “I’m just…. We’re in the same boat, so I’ll be far more open than I normally would be. I’m just worried I might not make it,” I admitted softly, hoping no one in surrounding rows could hear.

“That’s the only reason I don’t think I can swap seats with you,” He said to my dismay. “I’m sorry, but if I let you go ahead of me, when I’m standing in that line… I just don’t know…”

I sighed lightly. I got it. I didn’t like it. But I understood. I’m not sure I would do anything different if I were in the aisle seat and he was in the window seat.

The de-icing started, nearly causing me to lose control for a moment as the whole plane rocked to the side without warning.

From beside me, I heard another gasp. “Sorry,” My new, full-bladdered friend said, his face blushed. “Wasn’t expecting that.”

“Me neither,” I agreed, realizing my hand had found its way toward my crotch, coming to rest on my upper thigh.

He took a deep breath out and leaned over. “I’m John, by the way.”

“Pleasure,” I replied as I introduced myself.

We both drifted off to our own thoughts. While I didn’t know where his mind went, mine went back to the competition standing between me and peeing. The mother, then John, then Julianne, and finally me. Fourth to go. Pending no one else decided they might need to go as well. Ughhh.

*009*2026-03-12 11:04

Part 3 — Solutions & Problems

“Can I get you anything?” The same pleasant voice from earlier interrupted my mental gloom.

John looked up first to the flight attendant. “Is there, uh, any way I could slip into the bathroom?”

My ears perked. If she let him go, surely I could as well.

“Unfortunately no,” She denied softly. “We’re actually required to keep the bathroom door locked during de-icing. For safety.”

“Um. Okay, could I get a blanket then please?” He asked, looking defeated. “Actually two please?”

How could he be cold? I was almost sweating with the effort of holding. And I was sure he had to go just as bad as I did.

The flight attendant nodded and continued, “Anything else?”

It had to have been my imagination. My bladder was making me see things. Surely. But… there it was. The flight attendant gave her knees a quick cross, bend, and tighten with her thighs.

She maintained her composure, but the subtle hints still broke through. She ALSO had to pee. And now she was having to explain to John that the bathroom both of them needed were locked. No access. No exceptions.

Except she most likely was the one to lock it after shooing me away from it. Why didn’t she just slip in before locking it? A stickler for the rules? Not fond of public toilets?

“Could I also get a water, but with a separate, empty cup to pour it into?” John asked, bringing me back to reality. “A big one, please?”

Why would he ask for a water??! He owed me the aisle seat if he started drinking it. Clearly he had room left to hold it.

The flight attendant returned with the requested items surprisingly quickly, bending her knee as she provided them to John. Yeah, she was in a similar boat, but still had to perform tasks. At least I only had to focus on not making an embarrassment of myself. Well… a physical embarrassment. I’d already verbally embarrassed myself enough for a month.

As she moved on to the next row, John passed over a blanket. “Oh, I’m not cold,” I started. He whispered in return, “To hold yourself,” as he spread the first blanket across his lap, his right hand beneath.

Hold myself? I’d never had to pee so bad before that I had to do so. Even the select few times I’d gone outside, I still didn’t have to hold myself then. Did I even really know how to? Shouldn’t it be instinctual? I feel like it’s easy for males, given the anatomy. But for me? Would it even help? Wouldn’t it feel… Weird? Especially in public like this?? 29 years old and I’d never experienced this before.

As the plane continued to gently rock from the constant stream of de-icing fluid, the never-ending pressure between my legs decided for me - it was worth a try. I spread the blanket out on my lap, careful to avoid sudden movements. I’m right-handed so I kept my left hand above the blanket, resting on my lap, and slid my right hand underneath.

I’m sure my face was reddening by the moment, but the fluid in my bladder sloshing gently with the rocking of plane overcame my embarrassment.

How would this work? Over my pants? Under my pants? Or… my face surely blushed even deeper red. No, that would be too much for public. No matter how bad I had to go.

I started with outside my sweatpants, uncrossing my legs, laying my hand between them against myself, and recrossing my legs. I wasn’t sure - it seemed to help. Maybe a little? I tried squeezing and rubbing, and various other roles my hand could play, each working mildly or not at all in my efforts.

I needed more. This was humiliating, so I needed the relief to be worth it.

With a slow steadying breath, I slid my hand under my waistband, sliding down inside my sweatpants, along the outside of my light blue cotton underwear. Further and further down until…

I yanked my hand back shockingly fast, earning a briefly confused look from John, and a jolt through my bladder. I was damp. My underwear, specifically. Right as I got to where I assumed was the best location to be able to start holding, I felt dampness on the fabric. Did I leak? I didn’t think so, but I also didn’t know what exactly leaking would feel like. I’d never had to pee so bad that I had leaked. And then I’ve heard of dribbling. Was that what happened?

As John wiggled a little more, I had one other thought. I was damp, but was I… Was I turned on a little?

Nope! Get that right out of my head. I had to pee. I’m sure I just lost control for a brief moment. Probably when I lifted my suitcase. Nothing else.

But now what? Did I try again to hold myself over the dampness? That seemed immediately gross.

John wiggled again, before looking over. He looked like he was holding on by the barest margin. In a whisper, with his head down, he said, “I’m so sorry. I… I don’t think I can wait any more.”

I was confused at first. What did he mean? Was he going to wet himself? Did he have some other way of getting into the locked bathroom?

To my surprise, he grabbed the cup sitting next to the water he’d asked for earlier and slipped it under his blanket. My eyes widened in realization. “You can’t do that!” I hurriedly whispered.

“I know, but I don’t have a choice,” He whispered back. “I’m not going to make it otherwise.”

Admittedly, I’m not the most familiar with male anatomy or how they pee. I’ve only ever seen it happen once. But I get the concept. I know boys pee in things like cups. But this public? He was covered, but it still felt… wrong?

“It’ll be just a little longer,” I tried again to dissuade him. Or was I trying to pep talk myself to keep holding on?

This time he didn’t respond. He had an intense look on his face for a few more seconds before I heard it. It wasn’t loud. If I didn’t already know what it was, I probably wouldn’t have even paid any attention to it. Could even attribute it to the ongoing spray of de-iced.

But there was no mistaking. I could hear the faint sound of liquid streaming. His stream into the cup. His face was still strained, but slightly more relaxed and he looked focused. Determined. He was getting relief, while I had to sit and watch. And not feel any relief myself.

Rage flared deep inside me.

He was done quickly enough, slowly adjusting everything underneath the blanket.

Finally, he slid the cup out. I couldn’t help but look, wishing immediately I hadn’t. It looked like how I felt - filled to the absolute brim. Any sudden movement threatened to cause the mostly clear liquid to spill out.

My bladder gave a squeeze at the sight of the enormous cup almost overflowing with his pee.

“I’m so sorry,” He whispered again, placing the cup on the tray table and putting the lid on it.

“Nothing to be sorry for,” I started, choosing my next words carefully as my bladder throbbed, mixing with my jealousy and rage at his relief. “It was just a little rude. What am I going to do? I can’t do that, what you did. I have to wait. No matter what. It’s either hold it… Or not. I don’t have an easy way out like that for emergencies, which in case you haven’t noticed, I’m currently having.”

He looked remorseful. Was I being too hard on him? I didn’t even know him really.

“Look, I’m sorry. I’m not trying to be mean. I just…” I sighed.

“I get it. Don’t worry,” He replied. “Let’s just trade seats and call it all even?”

It wasn’t even. His bladder was empty. Mine felt more full than his cup. But at least an aisle seat put me ahead of Julianne in line whenever the flight attendant FINALLY unlocked the bathroom.

He stood up into the aisle as I shimmied across the row, each movement causing a subsequent squeeze felt across my lower abdomen. I stood up into the aisle now, allowing him to slide in, careful not to disturb his filled cup resting on the middle seat tray table. What was he going to do with it?

Whatever. Not my problem. I quickly sat down with my legs tightly crossed, my hand resting between them, folded under my top leg. I was past the point of caring. I was holding myself between my crossed legs. Outside my pants, of course. I was no longer under a blanket and was a little scared of how damp my underwear were by now. But the extra squeezing helped marginally. Anything helped to some degree.

*012*2026-03-15 01:01

Part 4 — The End is Near

Now in the aisle seat, I had a better view of others around me. The flight attendant was near the front of the plane, looking worse for wear, her legs moving and fidgeting without reprieve. A little closer to me was Julianne, who was nearer to what John had looked like just prior to his relief. Except she, like me, was stuck waiting despite feeling ready to pop.

Before I could look behind me, someone two rows up from Julianne leaned a little out into the aisle, and flagged down the flight attendant.

They were too far away for me to hear much of the conversation. Though I was able to make out roughly the purpose based on a few things. First was the flight attendant’s body language. She tensed up a little more seconds after arriving at the person’s row. Next, it was a very hurried conversation. And lastly, Julianne sat up even straighter, if that was at all possible. My conclusion was someone else had to pee. Quite badly, I’d estimate, and was requesting the bathroom be opened.

“Let me call up to the pilot,” Was the only words I could actually hear as the attendant concluded the interaction and made her way quickly down the rows toward the back of the plane.

I followed her path back as she passed by, hoping she was actually just making a beeline for the bathroom herself, when I caught sight of the woman in the blue sweater from earlier. She had been in front of Julianne in line at the Gate before we boarded. And based on what Julianne had said, she was also a bit full, unwilling to let Julianne (or me!) ahead of her.

I wondered idly if she had found relief before boarding… Or if she was going to be even more competition standing in my way when the bathroom finally opened.

Before I became any more discouraged at my chances of sitting on a toilet in the immediate future, I turned my attention back to the flight attendant. She was all the way at the back of the cabin now, holding a phone with one of those spiral cords connected to the wall. I assumed it was a direct line to the pilot’s cabin. And the conversation didn’t seem to be going well.

She was speaking hurriedly and intently. Of course I couldn’t hear a single word, but once more, her nonverbal cues told the story. She was gripping her skirt with the hand not holding the phone. I thought to the way I was grabbing at my own crotch trying to hold on. Both her knees were plastered together and bent. Maybe I had underestimated earlier. She didn’t just need to go badly, she was properly bursting.

Whatever she was saying didn’t seem to be making any headway as she looked more and more concerned the longer the conversation lasted.

Finally she nodded and hung up the phone. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath out. I turned back around facing front, not wanting her to catch me staring. I figured she had failed in her quest for not just her relief, but my own as well.

Ding! Came from overhead once more. For only a moment, I assumed the pilot was going to make another announcement, further delaying so many of us. But then there was a change. It had to be some evolutionary leftover, but the sound of the plane’s passengers changed. It was subtle, but my mind connected it directly to when a predator is in the wilderness is around. Suddenly everything just sounds… Different.

Time seemed to slow down for just a second as I looked around and realized people were moving. The seat belt sign! It took just a glance to see it was no longer illuminated.

The race was on.

I leapt up out of my seat throwing all remaining caution and grace to the wind. I was in public, but no longer cared. This must’ve been how John had felt when he opted for the cup.

I rushed down the aisle, completely mindless of who I bumped out of the way. Row by row flashed by until finally I was back in line. Never would’ve thought I’d be glad to be waiting in line once more, but it was a step closer than the locked door.

My hand sunk between my legs as I crossed them. Standing had made my desperation somehow even worse. Any more delays and I’d have to choose between my pants… Or trying to figure out how to replicate John’s method for myself…. Regardless of what wet mess that may result in.

I shook the thought from head and looked up for the first time since getting back in line. I was surprisingly near the front. Assuming someone was already in there getting the relief I craved. That left blue sweater woman in front of the door, looking like she too was on the cusp of losing her own battle. Behind her, directly in front of me stood YET ANOTHER 20-something dude who looked like he was just as comfortable as could be. I had many words for him, none of them kind.

Julianne was directly behind me looking even worse than I’m sure I appeared, if that was even possible. She truly looked like she might start wetting herself at any moment. Behind Julianne was the mother from the shuttle, her husband having already gone earlier in front of me! How did she now end up behind me? Was she trapped at the window seat still? Following the theme, she seemed worried about her position in line.

Behind her (wow was this line growing quickly!), was John. Did he still need to go? Interestingly, he was holding his cup like it was simply coffee. Smooth. That’s how he was going to get rid of it. And finally behind him was who I’m assuming had the conversation with the flight attendant that kicked off this sprint to the finish.

This whole adventure seemed to be coming full circle all the way to the end, as the line consisted of most of the folks I’d encountered along the way. The only person missing was the flight attendant. Was she currently in the bathroom, having been the first to use it the moment she unlocked it? Rude. I also couldn’t blame her.

As the door opened, blue sweater woman nearly pushed the previous occupant out of the way before slamming the door closed. Turns out, the flight attendant didn’t use the closet first, as someone completely different gathered herself together after the interaction with blue sweater. Where was the flight attendant?

I closed my eyes for a moment and pulled myself back to reality. This wasn’t some role play game or secret adventure. I was really in the verge of wetting myself for the first time. And in public! I couldn’t worry about her. I needed to focus only on myself.

“Hey, umm..” The fella in front of me started, having turned to partially face me at some point. “Do you, uh, want to go ahead of me?” He had a sympathetic look.

I was FINALLY going to get to skip someone in line?!! After failed attempt after unsuccessful try, finally here at the home stretch, when I absolutely needed a helping hand the most, I didn’t even have to ask.

“Please?” I said, still maintaining my manners, though my composure must’ve been all but gone given his offer.

He stepped slightly to the side and I wiggled my way forward, my hand never leaving the space between my legs. Yeah, I was a proper embarrassment. But I was still holding on.

And I was next in line! I’d been here before, but this time nothing, absolutely nothing would stand in my way.

The toilet flushed on the other side of the uncomfortably thin door, sending a shiver down my spine. The shiver ended at my bladder, causing it to contract in a way I wasn’t wasn’t ready for. Not just a squeeze, nor a simple throb. No. This felt like a stream was already working its way down lower, towards escape.

“Come on, come on, come on….” I whispered to myself as the sink ran for an exceptionally long time. Blue sweater woman was either a germaphobe, messing with me, or mere seconds were stretching out beyond what physics said was possible.

That’s when I heard the click. The magical sound that told me I was no more than a dash in, a pulling down of pants, and a squat over the seat away. I was transfixed on the door. Time was definitely distorted. There was no way a door opening normally took this long.

The blue of her sweater appeared and I knew I had made it. I was in the clear now. It was my turn!

“Sorrysorrysorry!” Came a familiar and panicked voice from behind me, then next to me, then in front of me.

I watched in horror as Julianne rushed past me, nearly pushing blue sweater woman out of the way as she all but completely slammed the bathroom door in my face.

No… No no no no no.

This couldn’t be happening. My heart dropped, my stomach sank, and my bladder… had no where else to go. There was no more room in it to contract, it already throbbed constantly, and it felt like I might start going at any moment. That little stream that had worked its way down lower than my bladder felt like it was getting bigger, filling with the overflowing contents. No longer an exploratory tendril.

Was I going to wet myself? Is this what it felt like?

I bent over at my waist, trying anything to give my bladder any extra room. Single milliliters from bending over felt like they might help.

Digging my hand as deeply between my thighs as I could wasn’t enough anymore as endless throb after throb pushed my entire bulb of bursting liquid lower and lower. I slipped my hand out from between my legs without uncrossing them and did the unthinkable: slid them down under my waistband.

My underwear were still damp, but it wasn’t a surprise this time. Was there any way of telling if they were more damp than before? Not that it really mattered.

I couldn’t uncross my legs for a second, so I pushed my fingers into place as best I could and squeezed.

That helped take some of the immediate edge off, but I was stuck now. The moment I changed position, I knew I’d be in trouble.

Worse still, I could hear Julianne peeing full force on the other side of the door. It sounded like her stream was splattering everywhere, like an absolute garden hose. I wanted that. I needed that.

“Please hurry….” I literally whisper whimpered leaning against the door.

My heart pounded, my bladder throbbed relentlessly. I could feel my stream right at the precipice of release threatening to lose a little or even a lot at any moment…

The lock clicked open

…

*016*2026-03-20 18:26

Part 5 — An end… And a Start

One week later I found myself yet again on the way to the airport in the snow. There wasn’t nearly as much this time, and the trip itself was much shorter; only half an hour or so. Plus, I was in the back of a ride share, not driving.

The most noticeable difference though, was I didn’t need to pee. Yet…

It had been a good week at my parent’s place. Good and busy. Between helping them around the house, catching up with some hometown friends, getting together for dinner with the cousins… The days were packed and filled my heart.

The nights however, left me to my head, in a way only the silence of night in your hometown can bring.

I’d lie down in my former bedroom, the sounds and excitement of the day dwindled away, and just start thinking. The first night I wasn’t even aware of where my thoughts were going, I was just trying to process everything that had happened. I’d had to pee. And then I really had to pee. And I kept not being allowed to.

It was the first time in my life I’d ever not been able to get to a toilet for more than an hour after I realized I had to go. The first time I needed to go, and couldn’t. And the first time I really and truly questioned if I’d make it.

Sure, I’d obviously had to pee before. Badly on a number of occasions. But I’d always been able to get to the bathroom in a fairly timely manner after I’d decided I wanted or needed to. Usually without any specific delays.

This was the only time the bathroom kept escaping me. No matter how much I needed to go, I was denied time and time again.

I sighed and rolled over, searching for sleep, hoping to give into my tiredness. Instead, my mind rewound, and replayed the events. I couldn’t stop thinking about my last moments in line. With Julianne crying out in relief while I squirmed, listening to her stream erupt. Unable to do anything but grab myself and hope I stayed relatively dry. Embarrassing myself with my hand down my pants, clamping down on my damp underwear.

I could almost feel myself peeing I had to go so bad. My brain imagined the sweet relief. My throbbing bladder begging to release a torrent. My heart was pounding out of my chest as every muscle strained to keep the flood inside me. Just one more minute. I only had to wait line for one more minute.

My bladder revolted. I didn’t have one more minute. There’d already been far too many minutes, hours waiting just a little longer. I could feel it contracting, squeezing, forcing the heavy ball of pee between my hips lower and lower. Right on the edge of escape, of forming a stream right there...

The bathroom door clicked open.

I didn’t have enough brain capacity left to think of anything else. My legs moved forward involuntarily. I’m sure I reacted the same way as Julianne had just moments ago, pushing the previous occupant out of the way. But I can’t be sure, I literally could only think of the leading drop of my stream. I couldn’t tell if it was still in me or had escaped already. Was I peeing? Was I holding it the last precious seconds?

It didn’t matter anymore. I didn’t care. I finally pulled my sweatpants and underwear down in one swoop and bent my waist in a high squat over the glorious toilet.

I don’t think I’ve ever started peeing so quickly. I’m not sure I was even over the toilet when I started going.

But I was finally peeing. My stream was pouring out of me uncontrollably. Relief flooded over me as relief flowed out of me.

My senses slowly came back to me as I realized something was off. It was a teeny tiny room, but didn’t feel as small as it should have. I looked up and my jaw dropped.

The door was open… The bathroom door was open. The bathroom door to the toilet I was actively peeing more and harder into than I’d ever gone before… was… OPEN.

I locked eyes with the male passenger who’d let me skip his place in line before Julianne went. In my rush to get to the toilet, I must’ve completely forgotten to shut the door! Or had I assumed Julianne would be a friendly fellow female and close it for me?

The reason was irrelevant. I was bent over unleashing my pee while this passenger, and who even knows how many other passengers, watched.

I’d never peed in front of anyone before. Well… There was the time in Undergrad. But it was the middle of the night, I was fully squatting down, and I don’t think anyone was looking. It was just my friends there. To have someone else see me with my naked butt halfway in the air, stream jetting from between my legs into the toilet….

I couldn’t invent a more embarrassing experience. I couldn’t even close the door. It was too far away for me to grab and close without stopping peeing to scooch over enough to reach it. And stopping peeing was not on my immediate to do list. I needed to be empty. I wasn’t going to try, but even if I did, I’m sure my body wouldn’t allow me after all the holding I’d been doing.

I looked pleadingly at the passenger and he seemed to snap out of his trance, realize what was actually happening, and closed the door for me. There was still a small gap, and it wasn’t locked, but it was better than the unobstructed view he’d had.

I felt like I could cry. Like I should cry. Between the absolute bliss I felt from my deflating bladder, to the utter embarrassment of the door being left open, my emotions were in a state of chaos.

I dropped my head and took a deep, relaxing breath out, trying to re-center myself. When I open my eyes again, I was met with yet another surprise. The floor of the bathroom was soaked. I couldn’t believe what I was seeing.

I knew I had probably missed a little when I first pulled my pants down before I was positioned over the toilet, but surely not THAT much?! As I looked around more, I saw how big the puddle was. Some of the walls had droplets splattered on them. The wall directly across from me looked wet like it had been recently washed. No way I had missed that much all over like that.

That meant…. Julianne probably had an accident. That explains why she rushed ahead of me, literally unable to wait any longer. But I wondered if it was more than just an accident? Did she get her pants down and start peeing as she stood there? Was she already peeing while she pulled her pants down? Did she enter the bathroom facing the wrong way, and have to spin around while peeing?

Whatever it was, she’d left a mess. No wonder she exited so quickly and didn’t stick around to shut the door for me. I felt bad for her. That could’ve just as easily been me.

My stream finally tapered off. My bladder never felt more empty after having been so full.

I bounced a little to send the last few drips on their way grabbed some paper to wipe myself. I had to wipe more than normal, my inner thighs having caught some of the liquid on its explosion out.

I surveyed my underwear, no worse for the wear. They were still damp, but seemed I had at least made it out of them before I lost control. I’d take the win.

I pulled them and my pants up to find the toilet seat soaked in small droplets. I’m sure they were mostly mine, but maybe a few were Julianne’s.

I grabbed some more paper and wiped the seat out of consideration. From behind me, I heard, “Excuse me.”

I turned towards the (still partially open) door. “There’s a woman out here that really needs be in there,” the male that let me by in line said. Poor fella. He definitely got more than he bargained for with this flight.

The mother! Surely she was the one he was asking for. And I’m sure she was bursting.

One quick glance in the mirror to make sure I didn’t embarrass myself further and I slid the door open for the remaining filled bladders to find their relief.

Over the course of the week at home, I continued to be unable to think of much else during the nights besides the flight. Well… flights. The flight out was adventurous. But as the week went on, I started to think more about the upcoming flight back. There was so much I had experienced for the first time on the first flight. But I wanted to try more. If I timed it right, I’d be pretty full by the time I got home. And I decided…

I wanted to actually wet myself. I wanted to know what that felt like in case I ever got close again….

*022*2026-04-02 12:06

I thanked the driver and dashed inside the airport before the cold air seeped through my outer layer.

I immediately passed by a Ladies room located just inside the entrance and thought back to my first flight. How convenient this moment would have been for me a week ago.

Not this trip, though. Even if I hadn’t been intentionally holding it, I wouldn’t have gone. I had almost no need. I would soon though…

It was still relatively early in the morning. So far, I’d woken up moments before my alarm went off (small win!) and had a lovely morning pee. I tried to savor the time sitting on the toilet. It wouldn’t happen again for quite a while.

Breakfast consisted of some avocado toast (yes, I’m aware, what a Millennial thing to do), a glass of OJ and a mug of tea. Maybe half to three quarters of a liter. Far less than the volume and pace of my fluid consumption prior to the first flight, but I wanted to make it home this time. Duration, not immediate volume was needed.

I had another small bottle of water to sip on in the ride share after a thousand and ten goodbyes and promises I’d be back to visit soon.

Checking in was expedient and relatively simple. Even the security line was manageable. How was this possible???

I bought another small bottle of water to sip on and had an absolute abundance of time to waste before boarding this time. If only this were last time. How different things would’ve been…

I wandered around a little, my same small suitcase dutifully following along. No traumatic pulling it this time.

There was a nice row of seats across from a huge floor to ceiling window facing directly out towards a runway. I finished off my little water bottle, tossing it in the nearby recycling bin and took a seat to watch some planes take off while I waited.

It wasn’t long before I was joined by a male (here we go again!!) about my own age this time. He sat respectfully two seats away, giving a quick smile and nod in the cute awkward way men do.

We watched a few planes head off toward their eventual destination before he pulled a book out from his carry on. I tried to discreetly catch the name out of curiosity. Was that…?

“You could just ask,” He said in a playful manner. Subtle, I apparently wasn’t.

I raised an eyebrow in a response I hoped was cute. “It’s Hidden 17,” He responded.

“Romantasy?” I teased, expecting him to say something along the lines of his girlfriend or wife made him read it.

“Yeah,” He replied surprisingly excited. “The fantasy portion of some of those books is actually really good.”

He was kind of cute. And he seemed to like reading. I was curious. “Does your girlfriend recommend them or how do you find new ones?” I asked, hoping to seem casual.

“No,” He chuckled. “I’m a nurse so it’s usually some of my coworkers that read on their lunch or if we’re having a light day with patient volumes.”

Didn’t answer my significant other question. No ring, though, I noticed. And nurses are inherently attractive humans.

He delved into his book and I went back to staring out the window when I felt it. That first ping in my bladder. It was really almost nothing. I’d probably normally never even notice it. But it was there now.

Was it too early? Too soon? I had to get through boarding, maybe de-icing, take off, the flight itself, landing and de-boarding just to get back to my car. And a shuttle ride! The more I thought about it, the more discouraged I became. What were the actual chances I’d make it that far without finding myself on a toilet emergently?

The goal ~was~ to wet myself. But I preferred to do so at home. By myself. If I was worried about making it back to my car, how could I ever make it home??

“Flight 2468 OMO to URO now boarding!” Came from above, breaking me out of my thought spiral. Nothing to do but try.

The gentleman next to me slowly closed his book and stood up as well. “Seems you can’t quite shake me,” He said casually, tucking the book back in his bag.

“Good company is never to shy away from,” I replied a quote from my grandma.

“Wise words,” he gently smiled and turned towards the gate. Oh he was definitely flirting. Fun, but too bad it was fleeting. Entirely too soon we’d be back on our separate life paths, never to cross again.

I watched another plane take off before making my way to the gate. There was a small queue gathered to scan their passes. As I joined the back, I realized I hadn’t yet heard a second call, despite it being at least several minutes. On the way here, it seemed like the calls to board were announced within moments of each other. Funny how a full bladder can make time feel entirely different.

As I waited in line, my mind slipped back to thinking about the flight here; about the flight attendant.

I had peed. FINALLYYYYY!!! It was such an incredible feeling. I’d almost forgotten what not having to go felt like. And I’d mostly made it to the toilet! Julianne had mostly made it to the bathroom, and probably at least partially made it in the toilet. And the mother was currently hopefully also making it to the toilet.

I made my way down the aisle, passed the remaining line back to my seat. The only person I hadn’t seen go yet, or at least in line, was the attendant. I looked forward and backward, but didn’t see her anywhere. She had to be here. It’s not like she could open the door to the plane and slip out for a moment.

Ding! “Hello again everyone,” Captain Mike Serenti’s calm voice came from overhead again. “We’ve completed our de-icing procedures and will get ready to take off in a few minutes. Accordingly, I’ll have to turn the seatbelt sign back on and ask everyone to return to their seats. As soon as our wonderful attendants confirm everyone is safely seated, we’ll taxi and be on our way.”

There was some groans from behind me, probably from those still in line. I couldn’t begin to express how glad I was to have gone already. I’m absolutely sure I wouldn’t have made it if I was turned away again.

John returned to our row and I let him in. The aisle seat was mine now! He no longer had his cup, so looked like he also had made it.

The general noise of the passengers dulled and I looked back for a moment. My eyes widened. I expected to see a straggler staying in line. I found the flight attendant locking the bathroom door again, bent over at the waist with her legs wrapped around one another.

How could she possibly stand locking the door to her obvious and apparent need for relief??!

The plane started to rumble forward and she slipped behind the curtain to the little kitchen area at the back of the plane. Probably to take her seat, I assumed.

We rolled to a stop shortly after. I figured we were waiting for clearance to take off or something. I don’t know much about the finer details of air travel, but I know everything is checks and clearances and lists.

But then we continued to wait stationary. Maybe there were other flights landing we had to wait for…?

As we continued to wait… And wait… And wait. I become curious. As did a number of other passengers, judging by the general noise level increasing. There was a renewed restlessness forming from the latest delay.

Ding! “One more time, I’d like to apologize for the delay,” Captain Sorenti announced overhead. “We’ll remain stationary for another approximately ten minutes before we’re on our way. In that meantime, please remain seated whenever possible. However, if you must get up and move about the cabin, please do so in the next few minutes. Thank you for your patience and understanding.”

I heard some rustling from rows behind me and casually looked back. A line was quickly reforming at the door to the bathroom. It remained locked, however.

Where was the flight attendant to unlock it? Surely she’d heard the announcement?

The line continued to grow, with more than one or two passengers looking like they needed to be sitting on a toilet quite immediately. Yet still no flight attendant to be seen.

She’s clearly needed to go probably even worse than anyone currently in line. She’d hung tough, locking the door when she should’ve been using the little room within.

I noticed John take a sip of his water beside me. That was my answer to find out where she was!

I got up and made my way down the aisle. As I got to the rear of the line, I had to start slipping by passengers one at a time. Most could tell I wasn’t trying to get ahead of them. I got a dirty look from one.

As I neared the front of the line, one woman said, “No jumping ahead!!” She was one I had identified earlier as looking like she couldn’t get to a toilet fast enough.

“I’m just going to the back of the plane, not the bathroom,” I calmly and softly countered. She squirmed to the side to let me by, her legs never leaving each other.

I’m just going back to ask for a water, I reminded myself. I knocked lightly on the wall when I reached the curtained area at the back.

No response. She had to be back here. I hadn’t seen her walk up front and she wasn’t in the bathroom, it was still locked; much to the growing displeasure of those in line.

I knocked again, a little harder. This time, I gave no longer than a second before poking my head around the end of the curtain. “Hi, I’m just wondering if I could get anoth…..” I started before literally losing the ability to speak mid-word.

Before me, leaning against the far back corner behind the curtain, stood the flight attendant. Well… “stood” may not be the most correct word.

Her back was leaning against the wall. Her knees were bent slightly, spread shoulder width apart. Her waist also had a slightly bent posture to complete the stance.

More noticeably, her skirt was hiked up haphazardly around her midsection. Her tights, yanked equally rushed around her knees. Inside the tights, a pair of light green underwear, dark only on the middle piece of fabric.

Most notable of all though, was the cup she was holding between her legs. It was a very short distance from her. Enough though, that I could see her powerful steam pouring out.

“I’m so sorry,” She apologized softly. “Please don’t look!”

“SORRY!” Was all I could think to say before whipping back around, holding the curtain closed tightly behind me.

“I was just looking for another water,” I tried to explain. There was no answer besides her ongoing torrent.

I started to wonder though. John had filled the same size cup, but I’m assuming he probably still had to go somewhat, he was just taking some of the immediate pressure off. Was the flight attendant doing the same?

My suspicion was immediately debunked though as I heard her stream cut off suddenly through the curtain. There was some rustling before she started erupting again assumably into a new cup with a stifled sigh.

Oh… She was apparently fully emptying her bladder. Why didn’t she use the bathroom before now?? With how much and how long she was going, surely she’d had an opportunity before now?

Her flood finally slowed, trickled, and finished.

Some more rustling around and she pulled the curtain open. “I’m so sorry,” She said again. “It’s just… We’re not allowed to go when there’s passengers on board and with the snow I was running so late and…”

“Don’t even worry,” I offered an understanding smile.

“Let me grab you a water,” She said, turning around. I nearly gasped when she turned. Behind her, on the small counter, sat 4 cups. The same kind she had been using for relief. No way! That was so much! She definitely reached the moment she couldn’t wait any longer.

“Thank you so much,” I said as she handed me a small water bottle. I started making my way back to my seat, wondering idly. What had she used to wipe with? If she could pee in a cup, could I? Should I try at some point?

I had many questions added to my growing list of things I wanted to try after that flight.

I had to smile as I looked back on yet another stand out moment from that flight. The flight that shaped my decision to wet myself (hopefully) after this flight back home.

I made my way on board and down the aisle to my seat, roughly located in the same row as last time.

As I arrived, my stomach dropped. From the middle seat of my row, a male looked up at me. “Hi again, I’m Sam.” The dude from earlier! With the Romantasy book. The one I still thought was cute. Apparently I was going to be sitting next to him for this flight. The flight where I was going to be holding my bladder. On purpose. Now in front of this cute man. Could I blush any deeper? This was going to be an experience…

