Recruiting a co-writer (plus a story about pissing in an art museum)

Author: TheWetEditor

*000*2026-02-28 21:06

This might not be the place for it as before I would have posted it in the roleplay recruitment section.

I used to write with a few people. Trade stories back and forth. Co-write stories (I’d write the beginning, they write a few paragraphs, we’d bounce off each other) ect.

It’s been a few years and I’ve grown tired of AI slop. The biggest thing I’ve missed is a community of writing together. Bouncing ideas, discussing concepts ect.

If you’d like to write together, or even just have me write but help shape it and give ideas I’d love to connect with you. I like working on general scenarios not hyper specific to media. Like I don’t want anime so I don’t know how to write a one piece desperation story. I somewhat know Star Wars, and some other movies but generally I enjoy real life, political, celebrity, those kind of things. Message me and we can build something!

An example of my former work. I wrote this ages ago for someone… don’t think it ever got posted here. It was based on some commercial…

Angela stood rubbing her thighs together as she guarded the extremely expensive paintings in the arts and humanities museum of her local city. The city had come into possession of a large amount of Michael Angelo's work and thus converted a historic building to be a small museum for the collection. They needed on site security and Angela needed a job. However now she was starting to regret her decision. See, the city only had the funds to hire one security guard per 12 hours so Angela was stuck with extremely long shifts, and due to the nature of the items in the museum she wasn’t permitted breaks!

"But… what if I have to use the bathroom?" Angela said shyly to her new boss when she got the position.

"Bathrooms? Back in my day we held it all day in the warehouses! You can too!" The big boss scoffed before sending her on her way.

"That fucker… how could he hold his pee this long!" Angela whispered to herself as she rubbed her thighs desperately together underneath her navy skirt. She saw a reflection of herself in the glass of one of the paintings and adjusted her navy blazer and white shirt. She adjusted her long brown hair into a pony tail. Her heels clacked against the hardwood floor as she shuffled in place trying to get more comfortable. Her crème panties thonged up her ass as she squirmed making her have to pick her wedgie out, making her even more uncomfortable. It had been only six hours and Angela was already bursting to piss.

*Ahem* a voice behind her startled Angela as she had just finished picking her wedgie.

A tall man with curly red hair stood with a cup of coffee looking awkwardly.

"I-Erm… Sorry. Didn’t see you there. Welcome to the museum. Feel free to look around" Angela sputtered as she tried to calm her restless desperate legs.

"Thanks…" The man said before starting to look at the paintings. As soon as he was turned Angela continued to squirm, her knees crossing over one another as she tried to keep her flood inside. She hadn't drank that much but… Angela glanced down at her water bottle. It was 64 oz. She figured she wouldn’t get a break and wouldn’t be able to refill it. However now it was empty and boiling inside her bladder.

Angela turned to watch the man as it kind of was her job. She felt her bladder worsening and tried to hold on but was starting to struggle. She bent slightly at the hip and whimpered to herself as she held on. Then, suddenly, the man tripped over one of the velvet ropes keeping patrons away from the expensive art. He yelped as he fell, his coffee cup sent flying towards the painting, cashing against it and splashing all over the expensive art.

Angela gasped, both for the fact that the art was ruined, but also for the fact that all that liquid triggered her bladder like never before. Instantly she felt a surge through her bladder forcing both of her hands to the crotch of her skirt, knees bent inward as she jiggled on the spot. "Oh my fucking GOD!" She cried in desperate agony.

"Oh fuck my jeans!" The man yelled and quickly ran out of the room. "What about the painting!" Angela cried trying to regain her composure.

Soon the desperate surge subsided and she was able to shuffle over to the now coffee stained painting. "Ohhhh! Theres no way I can clean this up in my state…" She looked at the drips coming off the painting and felt like she was about to drip into her panties. "Fuck it! I NEED to pee!" She cried and hurried over to the single bathroom in the historic house.

As she arrived she tried the door but it was locked. "Of fucking course. HEY! Is it you in there!?" She yelled knocking. "J-Just a second!" The man called. He was inside the bathroom hurriedly wiping his pants with paper towels. "Stupid coffee… these jeans are so expensive!" He started rapidly going through the paper towels and soon overflowed the trash can. "Dangit! They're gunna charge me for this too!" Unless I…" He eyed up the toilet and got an idea. Quickly he started to shove the paper towels into the toilet and began to flush. "Haha yes!"

Outside Angela struggled even more. Both hands were firmly planted on her crotch of her skirt. She bounced hard in place and bit her lip. "Ohhhhh Hurry up!!!!" she cried. When she heard the first flush she gasped. Her pussy couldn’t hold it much longer and shot a spurt of hot piss into her panties. "nononono!!!!" she moaned. She knocked again. "P-Please!"

The man flushed again but this time it didn’t go down. Instead the mount of paper towels stuck to the bowl and water began to rise. "Oh no… oh no…" The man said.

"Oh no… oh no!!!" Angela said as another spurt leaked into her panties.

Suddenly the man came out of the bathroom looking back towards the toilet. Quickly Angela pushed past him. "Oh thank god oh fuck oh…. NO!" She yelled as she looked at the toilet. Soaked paper towels were stuffed to the brim in the toilet bowl, fatally clogging the poor mid century toilet. Angela's face turned bright red as she held herself desperately Infront of what was suppose to be her salvation. She turned to the man, her eyes narrowed while still holding herself. "Nice work Mocha Angelo!" she yelled as she gritted her teeth together knowing she would have to try and hold it till the end of her shift completely…

$

