Armageddon Black

Author: MemeOverlord

*000*2025-09-02 01:38

A tale of horror, war, and unsuspected love. A devout knight rescues a young demon girl, and unwittingly enters into a master/servant relationship with her. But will the master be able to protect the servant in plague ridden, war ravaged 14th century England? Will their relationship become more (I have been working on a novel for some time now. Though it is not explicitly about omo, me being me, I had to put some omo scenes in the story. This is only a rough draft with some concept pictures, but I have added a little extra omo into it for you all and shared here.)

Prologue

England 1351

The sky was black with smoke as Sir Roderick doggedly ran down the muddy street. The taste of afflicted burning flesh was so thick in the air that he could barely breath as he ran. The Knight had fled from the forest to this village of Ashbury, hoping to find refuge from his pursuers. But alas, the village was already derelict from the plague, the only remaining inhabitants now lined the streets as smoldering corpses.

Sir Roderick squinted his eyes and peered through the smut in the sky, he could see that dusk was already upon him. The whoops and screeches of the night beasts and demons could be heard approaching from the forest to the South. To the North of the village was naught but an open field, Roderick knew that he would never make it that way. Unleashed now by the lack of sunlight, the unburdened night beasts would quickly run him down in the open. His only chance now was to hide in one of the abandoned dwellings.

Upon deciding to hide, Sir Roderick brought his muddied greaves to a clanking halt in the muck of the street, and made a sharp right towards the nearest door. He slammed an armored shoulder into the heavy wood of the door, forcing it open. Once inside, the exhausted Knight quickly closed and barred the door. He was instantly assaulted by a stench even more ungodly than the reek of the streets. The festering stink was a scent that he was all too familiar with by now, rotting bodies. The dead of this house had not been brought out, but rather were left to rot where they died. The still air of the small house was heavy and suffocating, Sir Roderick instantly felt ill, and thought he may cast vomit.

Laying on the floor amongst the bodies and other refuse, Sir Roderick attempted to catch his breath in this rancid air. Now that there was a moment of calm, the dread began to set in as he recalled the events that just transpired. He and his men-at-arms were trapsing through the forest on an endeavor to hunt rogue night beasts that had been prowling the area. And then it all went wrong. A small horde of night beasts commanded by their demon masters descended upon he and his men in a coordinated strike. Though Sir Roderick slew may of the hellish creatures, his men were outnumbered and quickly defeated, forcing him to retreat as the only survivor. And now that same horde was upon his heels, he could hear them approaching from out in the street. He clutched his sword close to his body, and prepared for whatever end was to come.

The horde had stopped in front of the house where Sir Roderick was hiding, but now they stood still. No more screeching or cackling, just silence. He could feel his heart pounding while he waited for their next move. Every second felt like an eternity as he waited, until the door abruptly exploded into splinters and an unnatural black mist entered the room. Instead of some savage beast rushing into the room, the doorway was now filled with the tall frame of a man, hooded and cloaked. Slowly the figure glided into the room and outstretched both hands, causing the black mist to stop billowing, and instantly drop to the floor as if a thick carpet. As the man's sleeves slid back, a pair of gnarled and scarred hands were revealed, they had small blades and other demonic totems woven into the crippled flesh. With a twisted finger, the man reached up and pulled his hood down from his head, showing a human face with a lower jaw that was equally scarred and distorted as his hands.

Sir Roderick's eyes widened in recognition, "Y-you, you're the Harbinger!?"

The Harbinger only regarded his prey with a cold silence.

"W-wait, all of the others from the order are already dead! A-and you've slain all of my men now too. Can you not let me go? I will oppose you no longer!!"

In a flash, the Harbinger produced a sword from the sleeve of his robe and was upon Sir Roderick. The Knight fought back to defend himself, but was quickly overpowered by the inhuman speed, and the long reach of the Harbinger's large frame.

Sir Roderick now found himself disarmed, and on the ground as he was being dragged by the collar of his gorget into the center of the dead village. He attempted to look over his shoulder, and around the Harbinger's cloak to see where he was being taken, but he could not see. A few moments later, the Harbinger spun around and tossed the Knight face first into the mud of the town square. He knew this was the end of his road, and thus, he stalled looking up, and savored his refuge in the cold mud.

The Harbinger reached down and wove his petulant fingers through Sir Roderick's ruddy brown hair, grabbing a handful and forcing him to look up. The man let out a gasp of fear as he saw what was before him; they had erected a large, upside down cross in the center of the street, the beasts were drooling, and the demons were holding torches. He now knew what his fate would be.

Chapter 1

Master and Servant

(Three years earlier)

England 1348

"No, please! NO MORE!" the woman screamed.

A short, stocky man looked down at her, "Well?" He said, impatiently as he released the calipers from her fingernail. The young woman was a sobbing, bruised mess. Blood and urine streaked her legs and was pooled upon the stone floor at her feet.

"...I-I will tell you." She finally stammered with a whimper.

Slamming the door behind him, a lone Knight exited the cellar that made as the dungeon for the commandery where the Knights operated from. Sir Richard the Tall he was known to be called by most. He was a tall man of lean muscle and dark hair, not yet upon his thirtieth year. He was clad in chainmail, with a suit of plate armor over top. In addition, he wore a white surcoat, and carried a shield bearing the sigil of his order a red cross overlaid with a whie scallop.

Sir Richard wrapped his travel cloak about him upon exiting the subterranean structure; the cold wind and clear air of an English Autumn were a stark contrast to the stench of blood and bodily fluids from the makeshift prison. He could still hear the screams of the witch ringing in his ears as he left Brother Paxton to finish his work in the dungeon. He had an ill-favored disposition about his new duty. After the army was recalled from the war due to the rampant plague, he now spent his days with the other Knights of his order hunting and torturing witches, heretics, cultists and others who consorted with demons.

He found it easy to steele his heart and fight for his king, and the path was clear when a demon was before him needing to be slain, but it was harder to feel fulfilled from torturing a woman, but it had to be done, and he was indeed truly sickened by those who practiced witchcraft and the like. He wished it were not so, but looking the other way and letting the poor girl go was not an option, they had caught her red-handed in the middle of a demonic summoning ritual. He was devote in his duty, and willing to do whatever needed in order to stop this Satanic plague.

"Come lads, we have our lead." Richard said in a clear, succinct tone that most had come to expect of the man, as he approached several of his men-at-arms; he typically only ever said what he needed, and little more.

"Aye, Sir." One of them responded.

After a few minutes in the commandery arms room, and stables, the group was off. Four men upon Horseback heading North that chilly morning. By mid-day, they had finally reached their destination, a seemingly abandoned windmill stead on the lonely countryside. This sad collection of structures had come to be known as, Bleakwind Mills by most of the locals, who avoided the area. It was the perfect place to hide cultist activity.

Sir Richard tugged on the reins of his steed and beckoned his troupe to halt. Staying mounted in the saddle, he slowly surveyed the area. The broken-down mills and dilapidated housings certainly were bleak, as their namesake would suggest. The stead was made up of two store houses and a large stone mill on the near side, then the remnants of a crop field from times long past in the center, then several small houses and another stone windmill on the opposite side. There were no signs of life anywhere, and yet, he could feel that he was in the right place. There was a malignant ill-will hanging in the air.

"This is the right place, Lads." Richard said to his men.

The armor-clad knight swung down from his saddle, hitting the ground with a clank. His men followed suit and gathered around him, awaiting instructions.

"What is the plan, Boss?" one of them asked.

"We will split into groups of two and search each building." he responded, "You two will search the far side, and you will be with me on this side of the stead." he said, as he pointed at the respective men.

The two groups split and headed to the opposite ends of the complex. There were more than a few derelict buildings to search, so Richard began with the one nearest to him, a small store house. After a near half-hour of searching, he had checked all three buildings on his side, and turned up nothing out of the ordinary, just empty buildings filled with weeds, animal droppings and decayed furnishings. So, he and his man headed out across the withered crop field towards the remaining buildings on the other side.

As they were nearing the halfway mark, the silence was suddenly shattered by a guttural scream coming from the direction of the far side housings. Sir Richard and his Soldier paused in their tracks to exchange glances. Richard shouted only one word, "MOVE!!" and began sprinting towards the houses, his armor clanking against itself as he moved. Despite wearing less armor, the other man struggled to keep up with Sir Richard as they raced across the field.

Upon reaching the houses, Sir Richard stopped and listened; all was silent now, say for the panting of his Soldier struggling to catch up and catch his breath. There was not much to be seen of these buildings, as the doors and roofs had mostly rotted away, leaving only walls and stone floors. In the largest of the houses, there could be seen signs of a struggle: scuffed floors, kicked up leaves, and some splattering of blood. Clearly his other two men had encountered trouble, and he was unable to hear the din of the skirmish from within the buildings on the other side. "Here." he breathed quietly as he pointed towards a cellar entrance cut into the stone of the main chamber in the house. "Quickly, get your lantern lit." He instructed under his breath. The two men descended below, each armed with a lantern in one hand, and a sword in the other.

The stairs brought them to an underground stone corridor. In the dim light of his lantern, Sir Richard could just barely make out the traces of blood smeared along the floor, as if someone had been dragged along whilst bleeding. The passageway eventually took a sharp turn and then let out into a stone chamber no larger than that of a bedroom. Strewn about the floor were the corpses of what appeared to be three cultists. They were clad in naught but simple robes, and armed only with daggers, it came as no surprise that his men were able to overcome these adversaries, though there was still no sign of them. On the far end of the chamber, some of the stones of the wall had been cleared away to reveal a doorway dug into the soil and leading deeper underground. Sir Richard beckoned to his man to follow as he stepped over the corpses and entered the crude earthen descent.

Delving deeper, the two were finally able to make out a feint light coming from further down the passage. Cautiously, they approached the light, and entered a chamber carved into the earth. The chamber was cluttered with lit candles all about the floor, the ceiling supports had many wicker carvings and bone effigies hanging from them, and in the center, dangling from two chains, were the flayed bodies of Sir Richard's other two men. They were naked and disemboweled, with the skin of their stomachs and chest stretched and splayed outward by hooks. The two men gasped at this sight and quickly traced the outline of a crucifix upon their chests.

"Lord, deliver us from this evil." Sir Richard muttered in prayer as he continued on to the next chamber. Soon, they entered another stone area, via another crudely made entryway. Richard reckoned that they were now underneath the second mill, within its basement. Within this chamber, there were a few sconces upon the walls, providing some modicum of visibility. Here there were many barrels, crates and other such supplies stacked about the area, clearly the cultists were living here.

A fell green light was coming from a side room in the chamber, as well, Sir Richard's nose was assaulted by the stench of sulphur. He and his man-at-arms both extinguished their lanterns, and recovered their shields which they had slung across their backs and headed towards the room. They hid behind a stack of supplies and peered deeper into the side room. Within, they could see two cultists kneeled next to a pentagram that had been crudely etched onto the stone floor, they were praying and chanting fervently. Suddenly, the pentagram turned into a solid ebony circle, as black mist rolled out from within, and hues of red and green danced and flickered upon the walls.

"Please, oh great and mighty Astaroth, grant us one of your intrepid servants!" one of the cultists chanted.

"We vow to serve you!" the other called.

It was difficult for him to see, but Sir Richard could make out the black silhouette of a small figure rising from the floor. He gripped the hilt of his sword tightly, as he mentally prepared. He knew that he had to strike quickly, else even more demons be summoned, thus making the fight all the more dangerous.

"Blimey! What's this one?!" The cultist on the left complained, "We got a runt, nothing but an imp!"

"It is fine, dear brother." The other responded in a calm, monotone voice. "She is a gift from the Great one, and she is to be used to fulfill our other needs."

"ENOUGH!!" Sir Richard bellowed as he leapt from cover, brandishing his sword and confronted the pair of cultists crowded around the dark figure.

"Servant of Astaroth, deliver us from this unbeliever!" the monotoned man commanded with a pointed finger.

Unbeknownst to him, another demon had been hiding nearby as it seemingly materialized out of the shadows in the corner of the room before Sir Richard. The grand demon stood nearly eight feet tall, its body was naked and that of a man with red skin, its hands were adorned with long black claws, still dripping with the blood of Sir Richard's comrades. The head of the creature was entirely unhuman and appeared to be more akin to a fanged horse or cow skull with horns and fiery red eyes glaring from the sockets. It's horns grazed the ceiling of the chamber as it looked down at the man and roared. In quick succession, the demon swung either hand at Richard in an attempt to cut him down where he stood, but he was a fine swordsman, and managed to parry the dagger-like claws with his sword.

"Hold fast, M'Lord! You do not fight alone!" Sir Richard's man called as he joined the fight.

The man approached the great demon from the side, thinking he had caught it off guard while it was busy fighting the knight. He was wrong. The demon's arm contorted backwards in a movement that would deny any normal human sinew, and sliced the man's throat open in one fell swoop. With blood pouring from his neck, Sir Richard's Soldier fell to his knees and quickly expired upon the cold stone floor.

"Damn you to hell, daemon!" Richard shouted as he charged the beast. With his shield he parried its right hand, and with his sword, the other, thus making an opening in the demon's defenses. Making use of the opening, he thrust his sword into the demon's chest and ran it through, pushing it against the far wall as he did so. The demon roared in pain and reached down, plunging it's claws into the sturdy steel of Sir Richard's pauldrons in a final attempt to kill it's adversary.

But, to no avail, the armor protected the knight, and the demon quickly perished from its wound. The cultists were upon Sir Richard in an instant, before he had even finished withdrawing his sword from the breast of the demon. With his free arm, Richard swung his shield backwards, towards the nearest cultist, striking his daggered hand with a sickening crunch. The bones of the enemy's hand were shattered, and he dropped the dagger to the floor. 

Raising his shield higher, Richard blocked the strike from the other cultists who had made it in close, and then kicked the man in the unprotected belly with all the strength he could muster. This quickly sent the second cultist rolling backwards onto the ground, giving Sir Richard enough time to finish pulling his sword from the slain demon and cut down the first cultist with the broken hand. The second cultist rolled over onto his stomach and attempted to crawl away on all fours. Sir Richard took a few steps closer, and slammed a greaved boot upon the hem of the cultist's robe, stopping his retreat.

"May God have mercy upon your rotten soul." he said as he drove his sword into the back of the prostrate man.

A stirring in the corner of the room brought Sir Richard's attention back to the other demon that was being summoned, which he had nearly forgotten, as it had not joined the fight. He readied his sword and lurched towards the figure hiding in the shadowy corner. He stopped dead in his tracks as the figure revealed herself from the shadows. Richard's eyes met with a pair of green eyes belonging to a frightened young girl. Her frame was slender, and her stature short, barely reaching above his stomach. Her hair was raven black and shimmered purple when caught by the light, and adorned with bows and ribbons. Her body was sparsely clad in black satin and hosiery which clung to her delicate extremities.

"Surely THIS could not be the daemon which they had summoned?" Sir Richard thought to himself, "A slave girl, perhaps?" As she stepped further into the light, he noticed more, she had a small pair of wings protruding from her uncovered back, and what appeared to be a pointy tail just above her buttocks. This girl was in fact some sort of demon, he reasoned, as he raised his blade again.

Seeing the raised blade, the girl whimpered, "Y-you saved me?...Master?"

*001*2025-09-02 02:02

Chapter 2

The Girl

It was still daylight, as Sir Richard trekked along the road back from where he had come. At some point, during his time underground fighting the demonic forces, something had spooked the horses and sent them running. Now he was forced to return on foot. As he marched, Sir Richard contemplated what had just transpired. After losing his comrades, and defeating his foes, he had met this demon girl, or succubus as he had taken to calling her. His creed mandated that he slay her upon first sight, but somehow, he just couldn't bring himself to do it, she was just so...so human. Upon first seeing her gaze, and hearing her soft, frightened voice, he was reminded of a young girl who was close to him. Something deep in his gut restrained him from intentionally bringing harm to her, despite his disgust of her.

Sir Richard was jostled away from his musings by the wailing of the demon girl.

"Master, it hurts! My skin cannot handle the direct sunlight!" She cried, "Please take me away from here! Please shelter meee!"

She had been going on like this and tugging at the metal collar and chain leash that Sir Richard had affixed to her neck for the last hour or so, ever since they had departed the Bleakwind Mills.

"Silence, Girl!" he shouted contemptuously, "There is a recently abandoned stead not far from here. We may rest there till you belay your whining!"

In short order, the pair arrived at the abandoned dwelling. The house was still in good condition and furnished, as it had only recently been left by a family fleeing elsewhere from the plague. Sir Richard threw the door open, and jerked the girl's chain, pulling her inside the shade of the interior.

"Th-thank you, Master." the girl panted, "Again, I owe my being to you and your kindness."

"And again, Girl, I tell you to be silent!" Sir Richard retorted. "You are naught but a succubus sent to lure me away from the light, are you not? And do not call me, 'Master,' understood?"

"But what then shall I call my protector?"

"Nothing! You shall not speak to me any further on this journey. Keep your seducing words to yourself."

With a defeated sigh, the girl meekly nodded her head and withdrew further away from the knight. Sir Richard lead the girl over to the far corner of the room, and secured her leash there, then went about starting a fire in the hearth.

"Girl, you will not start crying and wailing again if I light this fire?" he asked. "Just from the sun, correct?'

She shook her head and indicated that it would be fine. Once the fire was lit, Richard sat upon a stool next to the hearth with his back to the wall so that he could watch the girl in the opposite corner. He did not trust her, but his body screamed for rest. Killing your fellow man was an exhausting task, as was preserving one's own life. As he sat there, arms crossed and gazing broodingly from the slits of his helmet visor, he gradually began to lose the battle of sleep and started to drift off. Being whisked away to the land of dreams, Sir Richard entered a fitful sleep as he dreamt of his past and better times long since lost.

Sir Richard was abruptly awoken from his troubled dreams by the scream of the young demon girl. He shot upright from his sleep so quickly the his stool tipped over, and he tumbled to the floor, only to see the hooded visage of a cloaked cultist descending upon him. He reached for his sword, but it had fallen away from him when his stool turned over. The enemy was already upon him then, with a dirk in hand. Richard was forced to grab the man's wrist instead of reaching for his own sword, in order to stop the hooded adversary from plunging the blade into his throat. There were two other men wearing the typical dark, hooded habits of the cultists over in the other corner of the room. One was holding the girl down by her arms, and the other was struggling with her kicking legs.

A great demon then entered the dwelling. This one had the same appearance as the one Sir Richard had encountered at the Bleakwind Mills, however its frame was even more muscular and twisted, with strange horn-like growths protruding from its back and elbows. The behemoth lumbered over to the two cultists in the corner and pulled them off of the girl.

"Hands off, worms!" it said in a gravelly voice, "this little thing is MINE!"

"What do you think you are doing?" one of the cultists replied. "I summoned you; I am your master!"

"Is that so?" it retorted with a wicked grin. With the palm of its hand, the demon slammed the man's head into the wall, popping it like a fat tick. "I know the will of the great Astaroth the same as you do, if not more so. I will not take orders from the likes of you! Now leave me to it."

The other cultist backed away and watched from a distance. The girl squealed and tugged at her chain, attempting to get away. The demon chuckled and grabbed her by one wrist, lifting her off the ground. She shrieked in pain from its vice-like grip. The demon licked the boney fangs that served as its lips in mirth at the girl's struggle.

"M-Master! Help!!" the girl screamed.

Through his struggle, Sir Richard looked over the shoulder of the cultist ontop of him and saw the girl in the clutches of the lustful demon. In that moment, a flash of a memory awoke within him and all he could see was red.

"AMELIA!!" he screamed in a rage.

Sir Richard released the cultists wrist, allowing the man's blade to come downward, lacerating his arm and getting tangled in his chainmail. Had the man been expecting Richard to let go, he may have been able to land a more precise blow. The knight did not even notice the minor wound, with his hand now free, he bashed the cultists skull with his gauntlet, sending him sprawling to the ground. In an instant, Richard was on top of the man, repeatedly punching his face with his armored hands until the man was no longer recognizable as human. In nearly a single bound, he leapt across the room, tackling the other cultist to the ground. With both hands wrapped around the man's neck, he squeezed with every ounce of strength, whilst also banging his head into the floor until the cultist stopped struggling and lay there dead.

Richard reached for the nearest object to him, a wooden chair, and sprung back to his feet. He reached high and swung the chair into the back of the large demon's head, shattering the wood and causing the demon to fall against the wall. As the demon leaned against the wall in a state of disorientation, Sir Richard took the only part of the chair still remaining in his hand, a single leg, and plunged the jagged end into the demon's shoulder blade. 

He used his body weight to drive the chair leg into the demon's flesh, thus causing it to fall to its hands and knees. Not missing his chance, the knight clung to the demon's back, and wrapped an armored arm around it's neck, crushing its windpipe. The demon gasped and roared as it attempted to reach behind its own back and claw at Richard, but the beast's arms were too large and deformed to do so with any threatening force, so it's dagger claws merely clanked off of the armor. Finally, after a long struggle, the demon fell face-forward onto the floor, gurgling as it died.

Slowly, Sir Richard stood to his feet, his body still quivering with rage. As he looked over at the demon girl, he could no longer find it in his heart to despise her, he felt only pity for the poor thing. With tears running down her face, she had sunk to her knees, in a puddle of her own making. She was still shaking with fear as she sobbed.

&&

"Surely this girl was no monster" he thought to himself. "She looks more akin to a crying child than a demonic seductress. Surely she must not be my enemy if she suffers such abuses by the same demons that are my enemies."

Silently, he reached over and removed the shackle from her neck, and offered his hand to her. Wiping away some tears, the girl gingerly took his hand, and allowed him to help her up to her unsteady feet. Sir Richard found a basin, and began heating some water by the fire for the girl. He helped her into the basin so that she could bathe, soiled clothing and all.

"I am sorry Master." she said whilst still in the basin, after much silence.

"Sorry for what?" he replied, after a pause.

"I know you were already disgusted by me, Master. And now...this."

"No, it is...fine." he said, looking away abashedly.

Already, it had grown late, so Sir Richard elected to stay there for the night, rather than risking open travel in the dark, if more demons were hunting them. The girl went to lay on a bedroll on the far side of the house. As she lay there, shivering, Richard beckoned her to come by the fire instead.

"It is alright, Girl. You need not distance yourself anymore."

Laying on her bedroll, next to the warm hearth, she was fast asleep, but still occasionally shivering. Feeling pity once more, Richard removed his cloak, and wrapped it about her as she slept. With sword in hand, he stood watch by the door till morn.

As dawn approached, Sir Richard shook the girl awake, and bade her that it was time to leave. She looked about her body in surprise to see that she was being kept warm by her protector's cloak; this brought a shy smile to her face. She offered the cloak back to him.

"Nay, keep it and cover that sinful body of yours." he replied, sternly. "...will you not need it to protect yourself from the sunlight?"

"Thank you master." she said sweetly.

The knight merely nodded in acknowledgement of her thanks and headed out the door. Before long, the sun was overhead, but his hooded cloak was sufficient to protect the demon girl's porcelain skin. Throughout the night, Sir Richard had spent much time in contemplation, and resolved himself to steele his heart and not give sway to anymore of the girl's innocent charm. And yet, every time she spoke, her angelic voice softened his heart and forced him to respond in due order.

"Um...Master?...may I ask you a question?" the girl inquired as they walked along the beaten path.

"Very well, Girl. What is it?"

She fidgeted and looked down at her feet, "Who is that girl?"

"Of whom do you speak? There is no other girl here but you?" he replied.

"Yes, Master, it is just you and I. But last night, you called out her name...when you came to save me?"

"I recall doing no such thing."

"'Amelia' was the name you spoke, Master."

Sir Richard responded only with silence.

"Master?" she inquired again after receiving no reply.

"What?"

"Amelia is not my name. Of whom were you speaking?"

"Never mind that, Girl. What IS your name?" he quickly replied, changing the subject.

She blushed with a small smile and responded, "Liliana is my true name, Master."

*003*2025-09-03 03:57

{{2 hours ago, Krieger963 said:

Fuck yeah, this site needs more well done high fantasy.

}}

I agree!

I've got some more chapters already written, just working on the illustrations at the moment.

*004*2025-09-03 22:53

Chapter 3

Liliana

The road had been long, and Liliana's feet grew tired, but she resolved herself not to complain and further burden her protector as she struggled to keep up with his quick stride. In such a short amount of time, he had already saved her from peril and defile twice now, so she wished not to be a nuisance.

"Master?" she asked.

"Girl, er uh, I mean, Liliana, have I not told you to stop calling me that?" he replied.

"I am sorry, Master, but you still have given me no other name to call you. That, and the fact that you ARE my master."

"Very well, "he said with a sigh, "I am known as Sir Richard, one of the twelve of the order of the Knights of St. Thomas. Does that answer satisfy your inquisitive mind?"

"Yes!" she responded then paused before continuing, "Master Sir Richard of the Knights of St. Thomas, where are we going?"

"Girl, that is not how titles are meant to be said."

"But why? You referred to yourself that way, Master Sir Richard of th-"

"Enough," he interrupted with a wry chuckle that was uncharacteristic of the stoic man, "Alright, you win. Just call me, 'Master' if it pleases you so."

"As you wish, Master." she giggled. "So where are we headed?"

He paused for a moment before replying. "To my order's nearest commandery. It is not yet touched by the plague, and we should arrive before dusk."

"I see!...What are we going to do there?"

"Enough questions, Girl!" he snapped.

Liliana's face turned ashen, "I am sorry, Master."

Though it pained him, Sir Richard replied no further. He was still conflicted within as to where they were going and what they were doing. He knew that his mission should lead him to return to Durnwick Commandery, where he had first received the confession from the witch at the hands of Brother Paxton's torment. But he also knew that returning there would seal Liliana's fate. He was not sure why, but it sent a shiver down his spine to picture her tied down in the dungeon, where she would surely find torture and death. On the other hand, where else was there for him to go? His own commandery of Stahnburgh was much too far to reach this night. And he knew that he must report what had transpired at the Mills.

Finally, the two approached the outskirts of Danborough, the small town surrounding Durnwick. Sir Richard’s stomach was in knots, he knew that his window to change his mind was rapidly closing. As they entered the town, no one paid them any notice, as most people attempted to keep their distance from others, in the wake of the encroaching plague. Looking up the main street to the top of the hill, he could see the unceremonious stone building and tower that made up Durnwick Commandery. Making up his mind, Richard took Liliana by the hand, and pulled her down a side street, leading away from the commandery. He brought her to the only inn that was still operational in Danborough.

Upon entering the establishment, the pair were met with a dismal sight; a poorly lit tavern hall with naught but a couple of haggard patrons hunched over the fireplace in the corner. Sir Richard mused that the plague would soon put this inn out of business as well.

“’Ello, wot will it be?” the tavernkeeper greeted, “Food, or drink for you and your daughter?”

“The girl is not my daughter.” Sir Richard replied, abruptly. “We seek accommodations.”

The tavernkeeper noticed Richard’s heraldry upon his shield, “Ah, can’t keep this one over at yer fort, eh?”

“Keep your mind out of the mud, man! It is not as you suggest, and I will not have you question my honor like so again!” Richard replied indignantly.

“’Ave it yer way. None of my business.” The tavernkeeper replied as he sent them on their way to the room.

Despite his previous protest, Sir Richard noticed that the man had sent them to a room with but a single bed. However, he elected not to bring the matter up again, as it would be best not to elicit any more attention. He bade Liliana to wait there in the room, while he went to the fort to report his findings.

Deciding that it would be safer to leave Liliana at the inn for the night, Sir Richard slept in his quarters in the commandery after giving his report. In the wee hours of the morning, he finally returned to the inn. There, he found Liliana sleeping fitfully on the bed.

“Master?” she murmured as she began to wake. “I waited a long time for you. I feared that you would not return. It did not feel safe without you here.”

“Be at ease.” He replied. “You should be safe here for the moment. But now we must depart again.”

“Will I not get to see your fort, and meet the others of your order?”

“No! That will not be happening.”

“Oh…”

“We can discuss it more once we are away from here.” He said, reassuringly.

Liliana wrapped her arms around her tiny waist and looked up at Richard pleadingly, “Master, I do not wish to burden you anymore…but I feel weak. Please, Sir, do you have anything for me to eat?”

“Very well. Prepare yourself to leave, whilst I fetch you some victuals.” he replied. “I assume you can eat human fare?”

Shortly, he returned with two bowls of morning stew, and some coarse bread. The two hurriedly finished their food, and departed the inn. They went Eastward, away from the commandery, not wishing to be recognized. Sir Richard had explained to his fellows that he had business to conduct out of town, no one had questioned his intent, and he was free to depart unbothered.

As dawn crept into the morning sky, a thick cloud cover moved in and brought with it a cold and steady drizzle of rain. The rain silently rolled off of Sir Richard’s travel cloak, still wrapped about Liliana’s shoulders, a stark contrast to the clank and patter it made as it splashed against Richard’s unprotected steel armor. Liliana noticed this and began to unfasten the cloak’s clasp.

“Please, Master, the sun is hidden, have your cloak back. I will be fine.”

“Nay, Girl!” he said hastily, as he pulled the cloak about her once more. “You would be cold otherwise, with so little garb. Er, and I will not have anyone see me traveling with a daemon either!” He continued, in an attempt to feign callousness towards her.

“Yes, Master.” She said with another blush and a smile, clearly seeing straight through his ruse.

The two continued on for a short while before Liliana interrupted the silence once more and tugged on his armored sleeve, to ask another question.

“Master? Will you tell me now why I could not meet the others of your order?”

Sir Richard sighed, “There really is no hiding things from you, is there? I suppose you would need to have known sooner or later, after all. My order, the Knights of Saint Thomas are a group of holy men. Though the order may be in its twilight years, and has decayed to only twelve men holding the title, we are still resolute in our current duty, which is the cleansing of all daemonic witchcraft and the like from these lands. Do you understand?”

She shook her head.

“Call me a fool, but I sense no evil about you, Girl.” He replied reluctantly, “Though your existence would have warranted I smote you when first I saw you, I shall not. But I know the same understanding would not stay the hands of my fellow knights.”

“Thank you for protecting me, Master.” she said, bashfully. “I did not wish to put you at odds with your friends.”

“You need not thank me. I know right from wrong, and there would be no right in killing an innocent girl such as yourself.”

“Master? What is it that made you realize my innocence, if you think your fellows could not also see it?”

“Oh, that?” he replied, uncomfortably. “The look in your eyes, the picture of your face. I have…seen it before. Let us leave it at that.”

“I see.” She said, attempting to hide her smile.

Richard had not yet noticed in the dark, nor in the direct sunlight, because she kept her hood pulled low, but now he could see that Liliana also had a sharp set of small teeth in her mouth, somehow though, her smile was no less fetching than it had been before he had noticed. He pondered why it was that she smiled so, even at the smallest hint of caring interaction. Was she so deprived of such where she came from? Then this brought him back to the reality of the situation, where HAD she come from? He saw her summoned from the hellish pentagram with his own two eyes, but how could hell itself produce such a fair creature?

“So where, then are we going, Master?” Liliana finally asked, after another lull in the conversation.

“I am taking you some place where I can seek answers…where I hope you can be safe.” Richard replied.

A few more hours of travel brought them near their destination. The pair arrived on the outskirts of a completely ruined village known as Anburh, where, on the Eastern end rested the monastery of Wymond Abbey. The town looked as if a battle had come through; windows were smashed, doors torn from hinges, roofs collapsed, and debris scattered all about the streets. Cautiously, Sir Richard and Liliana wandered across town to the abbey, where they were met with a grisly sight. Surrounding the stone foundations and iron-wrought fences of the abbey were a collection of crude barricades and sharpened wood stakes, crafted of housing debris. Adorning the wood were the ragged corpses of a host of unknown creatures. None of the bodies could be discerned as anything particularly belonging to this world.

“Night beasts…” Sir Richard said in disgust, as he opened his visor to spit upon the ground.

Liliana squeaked in fear at the horrid sight.

“Fear not, Girl.” He reassured. “They are all dead.”

Richard rapped a heavy gauntlet against the wooden gate and waited. A painful silence passed, before a stirring could finally be heard from the other side. Finally, they heard a person slowly shuffle towards the door.

“Who goes there?” an elderly voice called out from the other side.

“Sir Richard, of the Knights of Saint Thomas!” he replied.

“Who’s the girl?” the old man asked.

“Naught but my ward for now! She seeks refuge with Sister Ruth!”

“Have either of you fallen ill?”

“No, we are both hale and hearty.” Richard said in response.

“Very well.” The old man replied as he slowly opened the old wooden gate. “Far be it from me to deny Sir Richard the Tall! Welcome, and God bless, brother.”

The courtyard on the other side of the fence was not what one would expect of an abbey. Crates and makeshift walkways lined the inner fence so that defenders could stand atop them and reach over the wall. In the soil were nearly twenty fresh graves, affixed with the standard crucifixes protruding upwards from the ground. As they approached the convent building of the abbey complex, they could hear a chorus coming from within. Upon entering, they saw a host of young children, all girls. They were singing a long series of Catholic hymns and prayers. Their combined voices were both angelic, and melancholic.

Once inside, Sir Richard removed his helm, and tucked it under his arm, out of respect for this holy place. Liliana did her best to contain any outward expressions of excitement, as this was the first time since they had met, which she had seen him without his helmet. She had been much too shy to ask him to remove it previously. He was a fair man with handsome features. Though he was a young man, his sharp blue eyes betrayed an old soul, burdened with many cares, and the lone scar stretching from his cheekbone down to the edge of his jaw suggested that he had seen many conflicts. His strong jawline was shaven, and his brown hair was tussled about from his helm.

The two went behind some cloisters, and into a backroom, away from the somber sounds of the children’s choir. There they waited for Sister Ruth, as she made her way out of an adjoining prayer room. Sister Ruth was a young woman, barely beyond her adolescent years. Her clothing was a simple black robe and white veil, standard of most nuns and holy women. Her stature was short, hardly even five feet, yet her figure was womanly. Despite the plainness of her cloth, her bosoms and hips were evident; her face was that of an angel; she truly was a beauty.

“Richard?!” she called out in a haughty tone, “I cannot believe you would come here now, after all this time!”

She strode over to him, and delivered a light smack on his cheek, upon delivery, her wrath instantly subsided, and she stood upon her tiptoes, holding his face in both her hands. After a wistful moment of staring into each other’s eyes, she released his face, and stood back upon her heels.

“What happened to your handsome face?! You’re hurt!” she scolded.

“Yes, the scar is new since last we were together. I was caught unaware by a large Frenchmen at the Battle of Crécy across the channel. The bastard stood nearly as tall as I.”

Sister Ruth instantly wore a look of concern.

“I have since begun keeping my helm on more frequently, so as to not be caught off-guard again.” He continued. “But enough of that, please do not worry.”

“And now you tell me not to worry? After you have been gone and thus returned?” she replied, placing a hand upon his forearm. “What of all the time already spent in endless worry?”

“I am sorry that things become so, between us, Ruth.” He said, consolingly.

“There is naught that can be done for it now. So what has brought you to me?”

“I have come seeking help with this girl.” Richard said, gesturing towards Lilliana. “May we speak somewhere in private?”

“Of course.” Ruth responded with a nod and led him towards the prayer room.

“Liliana, please wait out here by the door.” Richard said, as he left the room.

Liliana waited outside of the prayer room restlessly. She wasn’t quite sure why, but she felt jealous of the relationship that evidently existed between the Sister, and her Master; she also felt a slight pang of jealousy in the pit of her stomach when thinking of the time that the two were spending together in seclusion at that moment. It felt as if Sir Richard and Sister Ruth were away for an eternity, but, eventually, they finally opened the door, and bade her to enter and join their conversation. Richard stood in the corner with his arms crossed and allowed Ruth to initiate the discussion.

“Liliana, Sir Richard has told me all he knows of you thus far. How you came to meet, what he saw in those chambers.” Ruth said, as she traced the path of a crucifix across her bosom, as was customary when thinking or speaking of Satanic things.

“I see...” Liliana replied, casting a nervous glance towards her master.

“I must say, I am surprised that he has taken to protecting you. Sir Richard is a man of staunch faith, if he says you are not of the Devil, then I hold his words with merit! But we must be sure.”

“Very well, how can I help you be sure?” Liliana said nervously.

“While you waited, I’ve prepared some tests for you. Please step over here.”

Sister Ruth led Liliana over to a table, upon which were three items: a basin of water, a Holy Bible, and a crucifix with rosary beads. She gestured first towards the basin of water.

“This is holy water, blessed by our priest himself. Please place your hand within the basin.” Sister Ruth said.

Liliana looked at Richard, “But Master, I thought you trusted me?!”

“Girl, I do not know you,” he said, finally breaking his silence. “I have been given a conviction to feel apathy for you and to protect you, but your very existence questions what my order stands for. I must put you to the test before God and know for sure. Please do not resist. If you wish to back out, you may, but know that if you do, you must depart from this place, and from my company.”

“No! Please, I would not be apart from you, Master! You do not know me, because you have not asked! I am scared, but I will do as you say.”

After a brief pause, Liliana exhaled slowly, and stepped up to the basin, with an outstretched hand. Slowly, she slid her dainty hand into the cool, clear water of the basin. Nothing happened, the water remained calm, and Liliana was unharmed. Next, Sister Ruth bade her to grasp the crucifix. Again, there was no reaction. After that, she was instructed to open the Bible, and read several passages. She did not burst into flame, or anything else of the sort. Finally, Sister Ruth placed her hands upon the girl’s shoulders, and murmured a prayer.

“Lord, if this girl is indeed not a wicked child, then I pray that you take her into your blessing and watch over her. Please, deliver us from all that is evil, amen.”

Sister Ruth then wrapped both arms around Liliana and gave her a quick hug.

“Liliana, I am sorry that we could not take you at your word, and that we had to put you to the test. Please forgive us, sweet girl.” Ruth said.

Liliana melted into the hug and looked as if she could burst into tears. “I-it is okay. Thank you, Sister.”

Sir Richard uncrossed his arms and walked across the room to join his companions. He knelt down next to Liliana and placed a heavy hand upon her shoulder with a somber smile.

“I am relieved that you passed Sister Ruth’s tests. And I am also sorry that you had to. But you are right, I do not know you, for I have not asked. So please, Liliana, will you tell us? Who are you?...What are you? How have you come to be here?” Sir Richard asked.

“It is okay, Master. There is nothing to forgive.” She said, sweetly. “I suppose I should start with where I came from. I am not of this world, I was summoned here, through a ritual.”

“Indeed. I beheld the ritual with my own eyes. The Satanists had etched a pentagram upon the ground, and you rose up from it. Was this a portal to hell itself?” he asked, inquisitively.

“No, Master. I do not come from what you would call hell. Though many demons do praise the lake of fire and Sulphur as somewhat of a promised afterlife, it is not so.”

“You are correct.” Ruth interjected. “Hell, itself is intended to be a prison for Satan. It would be a place of torment and torture for demon and man alike, so says the scripture.”

“Yes, I know little of such things, but I know that hell is a bad place.” Liliana responded. “I come from a place that my people refer to as, the Nether. It is another dimension entirely, and home to all demon-kind.”

“What then is this Nether like?” Richard asked.

“I believe it is similar to what humans think of as hell. It is a depraved place of darkness and pestilence. Only the Nether is no prison, sinners are not cast into the flame, but rather demons are able to rule and have freedom to enact all of their cruelty with no protest.” Explain Liliana.

“I see. And what of you, Liliana? Would you remove your cloak for me to see?” Asked Ruth.

Liliana looked to her master for guidance. Richard nodded, “Do as the Sister asks.”

Reluctantly, she unclasped Sir Richard’s large cloak, which had been enveloping her entire body, and allowed it to slide onto the floor. Liliana cast her gaze upon her feet and stood there awkwardly, feeling the eyes of her companions upon her. Sister Ruth gasped quietly upon seeing her demonic extremities, and scanty clothing.

&&

“I am sorry, Sister.” Liliana said with a quiver in her voice. “I know I must be hideous to your eyes.”

“O-oh, no, no!” Ruth said, quickly shaking her head. “You certainly are not. I just…am not accustomed to such sinful garb. We must find some appropriate clothing for you! Richard, how could you let this poor girl wander about in naught but her skin!?”

“We had no girls’ dresses on hand at the commandery. I came to you as quickly as I could, without drawing suspicion.” He replied.

“Yes, I suppose that will excuse your sin.” Ruth replied as she then turned her attention back to Liliana. “But what then of your body? You have the frame of a human girl, but features of demon folk?”

“I am not wholly human, nor demon. I am a half breed of sorts.” She replied, with a look of shame upon her face.

“I suppose that does make sense. Angels once descended upon our world and bred with women. The children were known as the Nephilim. What then of you? What are you called?” Ruth asked.

“Amongst your people, my race would be called the Succubi. Long ago, when this world was still young, a cruel demon named Astaroth came up from the Nether, and abducted a girl named Lilith. He forced her to be his concubine and had children with her. Her sons grew to be grand demons amongst the armies of Astaroth, and her daughters became the slaves that you know as Succubi. Ever since our people’s birth, the Succubi have been the demon’s playthings, subjected to their malice and cruelty.

Lilith may be revered as the Succubus Queen; she is still little more than a slave to Astaroth. Her children are forced into servitude. Some willingly serve demons as their masters in the Nether, others are sent or summoned here to your world to corrupt human men.”

“I see. So, you WERE sent here to bring about my downfall?” Richard responded coldly.

“No, Master! I was um…not sent for that reason.” She replied nervously. “I was..too young, but sometimes, in their cruelty, the demons force us into servitude even at an early age. But that is not why I was sent here!”

“Sent, or summoned?” Richard asked, mistrustingly.

“Er, well…both, I suppose?” she replied, whilst fidgeting.

“Enough, Richard!” Can you not see that you are making the poor girl uncomfortable?” Ruth said scoldingly. “These vile things are hard to talk about. I believe she has told us plenty. Let us leave it be.”

“Very well, I am sorry.” He said, reproachfully. “I am sometimes lacking in decorum.”

“It is alright, Master.” Liliana replied with a sigh of relief.

After their discussion, Liliana was allowed to cover herself once more, while Sister Ruth went to fetch her some conservative clothing, and some food. Ruth garbed the girl in the same simple dress that the orphan girls were wearing, then they supped on meager fare while discussing their next move.

“So, you have your answers. What now is your plan?” Ruth asked.

“I had hoped the girl could stay here with you.” Richard responded.

“I am not sure if that can be done. We are beyond capacity with orphans from the plague.”

“I can see.” He replied. “And what is going on at your gates? I have noticed a growing anxiety in you as the day wears on?”

“The situation here is dire. Every day, once the sun goes down, we are beset by a host of night beasts. Vile creatures of the underworld that know only demons as their masters. I am sure you saw the graves as you entered?”

“We did.” Richard replied stoically.

“Indeed.” Ruth continued. “It happened first, naught even a fortnight ago, when the other sisters were about the fields. Most were slain quickly, leaving now only myself, and Mother Gretel, the elder. That is how I passed through my novicehood and became head sister so quickly.

Since then, the monks and friars of the Abbey, set up a perimeter defense, and have fought to fend off their nightly attacks. But it has been a war of attrition. At least five fell to the plague, the rest of the graves out there belong to those who fell defending our grounds from the nightly raids. Through word of mouth, we learned that some cultists were nearby, conducting their summoning rituals just outside of town. The bulk of our remaining men, some ten strong armed themselves as best they could, and went out to end these cultists. They never returned. Now all who remain to defend us are the five eldest monks. They have been fighting bravely, but I fear we will not last the week.”

“Ruth…” Richard began, with an uncharacteristic hint of worry in his voice. “Why had you not sent for me, or a contingent from my order?! What if I had not happened to come now as I have? What then would you have done?”

“We have exhausted our options.” She replied. “We’ve no steeds, nor could we spare anyone to send as a runner, and all of our pigeons have fallen ill to a pestilence as well. The children would never survive the journey. The night beasts would catch us before we made it to the next settlement.”

“Fear not, dear Ruth.” Richard said in a robust voice. “I will deliver you from this evil! Dusk will soon be upon us. Tonight, I will help to fend off the night beasts, and when first they retreat at Dawn’s light, I will seek out the summoners and end them. So help me, God!”

*005*2025-09-06 11:52

Chapter 4

The Raid

The following evening, all were prepared for the night beasts’ return, Sister Ruth, Liliana and the children were all locked away safely within the secure stone walls of the abbey. There had been more than a few protests from Liliana about being separated from her master in preparation for the imminent attack, but she had finally conceded, and took to her newfound duties with Sister Ruth.

Sir Richard, and the five remaining elder monks stood at the ready in the courtyard, within the perimeter fence, with the former armed and armored to the teeth, and the latter wearing only simple robes or habits, and armed meagerly with clubs, cudgels or pitchforks. They had torches and braziers lit and placed at key points along the wall. The sun was nearly set, and the defenders knew that the enemy host would be upon them shortly.

No more than half an hour after the sun had set, the night beasts came. Like moths swarming to a flame, they came in droves, hideous four-legged creatures they were. Most of them had bodies like that of a hairless dog covered in boney protrusions. The creatures’ heads were unlike any known animal entirely, gaping exaggerated jaws with jagged teeth and multiple eyes upon some. The beasts charged the ramshackle fortifications head-on, eagerly throwing their bodies at the wall, clawing the wood and skewering themselves upon the wooden stakes. The next wave of beasts clawed the flesh of their impaled brethren and used them to further climb the fortifications and reach the top.

At the precipice, the defenders were ready and used their long weapons to repel the bests as they clambered over the top. Many of the monks’ blunt weapons and age-stiffened swings were insufficient at delivering fatal blows, but for every night beast they failed to slay in a single blow, Sir Richard made up for by killing two more. From the shadows, just beyond the reach of the torch light, the night beasts’ demon masters could be heard cackling and cheering.

As the fighting ensued in the courtyard, the women inside the Abbey huddled together in fear. Liliana, who’s soul was caring, and voice was sweet had taken herself into a big sister role of sorts and had helped to console and calm the orphan children before the fighting began; she was now cowering in fear along with the rest of them. Her heart was filled with concern for the well being of her master outside. She feared that he would be hurt, as she did care for him, and she also feared what it would mean for herself if he were to be wounded or slain. Losing the assistance of her newfound helper, the duty of calming the children now fell solely on Sister Ruth.

“Come girls, let us hold hands and pray for God’s protection upon our defenders!” She said in a collected voice.

“Yes, Sister.” They squeaked in terror.

Sir Richard and the monks fought off the first attack. Throughout the night, every hour or two, the demons and night beasts would return, and assault different parts of the abbey’s defensive perimeter. Every time, the demon masters would bark unintelligible orders to their beast minions, using a guttural black speech dialect. Though, with each assault, the demons remained in the shadows just out of sight, careful not to reveal themselves. As the night’s darkness gave sway to dawn’s first light, creeping over the hilltops, the attacks subsided. Luckily, the defenders survived with no death, however, all five of the old monks had been injured this time. They thanked Richard for his service, stating that they likely would not have survived the night without his help. He nodded in acknowledgement of their thanks, and hurried inside the abbey.

The smell of damp stone and bodily fluids hung in the air, evident of the fact that some of the orphan girls were unable to control their fear during the raid. &&&&

Upon seeing him enter, Liliana sprang to her feet and leapt at Sir Richard, clinging to his chest. So great was her relief, that she could muster no words, but merely cried silent tears of joy. Sister Ruth, although longing to also embrace her knight, held herself in reserve, not wishing to make a spectacle in front of the children, nor finding it appropriate to interrupt Liliana and her master. Despite the bittersweetness of the situation, Ruth could not help but to find amusement at the confused look upon Richard’s face as he removed his helm; he clearly did not know what to do about the young girl holding on to him.

“Liliana, I must be swift, their masters are escaping.” He said as he lightly held her shoulders and gently set her back upon the floor. “I came merely to ensure that you were all unharmed, but I must be off.”

“Y-yes, Master.” She stammered, finally able to speak. “Let us go!”

“Us? No, Girl, you must continue to stay here, where it is safe.” Richard responded.

“What? No!” she cried hotly, wiping away her remaining tears. “Being apart for the battle was one matter, but leaving me here entirely without you? We cannot be separated so, Master!”

“I am departing to bring the fight to their masters, and here you are, cowering like a babe, this will be no journey for you. The dawn’s light will shortly be past the trees, and the demons will have escaped. I must leave now, and you will stay here with Sister Ruth. I will hear NO more of it!”

Richard retrieved his dark travel cloak from Liliana, and hurried back outside, leaving her there in distress. Wrapping himself in the cloak, Richard masked his white surcoat and armor. He went in the direction which he had last heard the vile speech of the demons during the battle, and kept himself to the shadows, so as not to be seen from afar. He moved as quickly as he could while keeping his body stiff and using controlled movements, attempting to reduce the clang of his armor as much as possible.

Before long, the sun had crept past the treetops, and was shining in the open. This slowed the demons’ movements and allowed Sir Richard to catch up. They saw that he was at their heels, however they did not wish to fight in the open sunlight and continued their flight away from the ruined village. This pack of demons, some four strong, were not like the large demons he had faced in the dungeons of Bleakwind Mills, or at the abandoned homestead, they had narrow frames, and hunched backs, complimented by unusually long, lanky limbs, which betrayed their silhouettes as not quite human.

Despite being heavily armored, Sir Richard was a man of great vigor, and could carry along with a strong trot for many miles whilst armored. The sunlight was a boon for him, he soon closed the distance on the demons, as the sun’s rays had slowed them. They attempted to fight back using their sharp claws, but their movements were languid, as if in a stupor. He quickly slew all but the last demon, allowing it to continue its escape so that he could follow it the rest of the way to what he hoped would be the lair of the summoners.

Away from the village, along the countryside lay a moderately sized farmhouse, seemingly abandoned. The demon fled to the house and went directly to the cellar. Richard’s gamble had paid off. Shortly after the demon entered, Richard followed, crashing through the cellar doors. Seeing that there was only one apparent entrance, he opted for a frontal assault, rather than attempting to sneak in, which would almost assuredly have resulted in him losing the element of surprise. Charging in head-first allowed him to take on whoever or whatever was inside before they had a chance to gather their wits.

Inside the cellar, he came face to face with the aforementioned demon, and two elderly men garbed in cultist robes. Upon the floor was a large pentagram, which Richard had now come to associate with the cults satanic summoning practices. Now that the demon was in the cooling dark of the cellar, it sprung into action with a renewed vigor, slashing at the Knight’s shield with its long, gnarled claws. However, this demon was not bred for fighting, and was not a challenging opponent for this seasoned demon hunter. In one swift movement, Richard allowed the creature to move in close to his shield, where he then sliced off both of its hands with his sword. The hellish creature stood there in shock for but a moment, before Richard swung again, lobbing off its head. In that same moment, the two elderly cultists were also now upon him, brandishing short swords, but they were no fighters either, lacking armor and youth, they were quickly dispatched.

After ensuring there were no remaining foes lurking about, Sir Richard tarnished the summoning pentagram until it was illegible, then he put the house to the torch. Now, he still had many hours of daylight remaining, and chose to continue his search. Marching along in the noontime sun, he searched far and wide about the surrounding countryside, but turned up no other signs of cult activity. As dusk approached, he made his way back to the abbey.

At last, through his slow trudge, Sir Richard arrived at the monastery gates and wearily went inside. He was utterly exhausted, having fought all through the night and morn, then traversing the hills for the remainder of the day. Sister Ruth came out to the courtyard to greet him with a smile, as he removed his helm to return her greeting.

“At last, you return to us!” she said, warmly. “Liliana has been worried sick for her master, and has caught not even a minute of sleep.”

“Tell her I am sorry for the worry.” He responded, his voice stretched and tired.

“You can tell her yourself, she awaits inside, sheltering from the last remaining rays of sunlight.”

“Very well, I will do so. But what of you, dear Ruth? Did you not worry at all?” he asked, mustering a wry smile, despite his fatigue.

“Yes, of course I did! I have worried for you every day since first you left for war, but…” she trailed off.

“Please, I speak only in jest, do not trouble yourself with such thoughts, Ruth. Let us go and greet the girl.”

The two entered the abbey proper, where they were met with a distraught, yet also angry Liliana. She stood there amidst the pews, hands upon her hips, staring at Sir Richard.

“Master! How could you keep us in suspense like this! You did not say you would be gone all day!” she exclaimed in a haughty tone.

“Forgive me, but I could not return until I was sure I had bested all of our enemies.”

Liliana quickly lost the hot-headed persona, as her lip began to quiver, “I was just worried. I thought you were slain, or perhaps had abandoned me here, your last words to me showed that I have become an annoyance to you. I should be the one saying sorry.”

“Uh, no, no, do not worry, Girl.” He replied, caught off-guard by her sudden change in demeanor. “You are not an annoyance to me, be at ease.”

Not knowing what else to do, Richard placed his hand atop her head and continued soothingly, “Come, Liliana, Sister Ruth and I have much to discuss, if you are so set on not being apart, then you may join us.”

The three of them again adjourned to the back prayer room, where they could plan in private. Sister Ruth daintily sat herself at one end of a small table in the room and Sir Richard wearily lowered himself into a chair at the other end with a clank from his armor that now weighed heavily upon his shoulders. Liliana stood at Richard’s side, her tiny hands clutching the bend of his arm, refusing to let go.

“I tracked the demons from last night that were commanding the night beasts,” Richard began, “They lead me to their human summoners and put a stop to it. High and lo I searched after that, but could find no other signs of additional summoners, or demonic nests. I believe we are safe for the time being.”

“We owe you our lives.” Ruth said, reaching across the table and briefly grasping his gloved hand.

“I think it best if all of you leave this place though. If more return, you will not be able to defend against another attack, and I cannot stay here permanently to protect you.”

“I believe you are right. We should have left long ago, when we still had the chance….before so many perished needlessly to safekeep this place.” She said, with a hint of sorrow in her voice.

“It is in the past now. Things like this are beginning to happen everywhere. It is not your fault. Still though, this is the worst I have encountered yet. You should travel West, from whence I came, the pestilence is not so rampant there.”

“So I have heard.” Ruth replied, “The tales that reached me from the East were ghastly. Most I could scarcely believe, but travelers have since stopped coming from the East.”

“We should still wait until morning before departing. I want to take another night here in our defendable position just to be sure, else another host that I could not find descends upon us in the open night while we travel. I would not be able to protect all of you at once. Nor would I have the strength, I have not slept for nigh two days, and have fought much.”

“That would be a wise course to take. We will follow your judgement.” She replied.

“Very good then. We will still need to post a watch at night though. Are any of the monks still able to do so?”

“They are still abed with their injuries. It will be trouble enough for them to travel in the morn.”

“Very well, it will fall to me then. Can you arrange some food to be brought out to me when I am on the wall?”

“Richard, no. You must rest!” Ruth exclaimed. “As the next clergy woman in line, this duty should fall to me.”

“No, I cannot allow that. When last I left you, you knew naught of fighting in the least. Has your time in the cloth changed that?” Richard retorted.

“Well, no…” she responded, “But you will not be any more rested by morning either. If something happens, I could come and fetch you.”

“That will not work either. It would take too long for you to come find me.”

“You must rest somehow?”

“Fine, we will both sit atop the wall.” He responded, “I will sleep upon the wall with you at my side. The moment you see anything, you can waken me, and I will be at the ready.”

“I see that I cannot sway you.” Ruth said begrudgingly, “So that will be our course of action.”

“Let us be off then, night is already upon us.” Richard said.

“Wait!” Liliana piped up, “Please let me join you! I can help keep watch so that you can rest, Master.”

Not possessing the energy to argue with her pleading eyes, Richard relented. “As you wish. But you will go inside and barricade yourself there the moment we say so, if the need arises. Understood?”

“Yes, Master.” Liliana replied with a beaming smile.

Sir Richard and Liliana headed for the gate first, while Sister Ruth put the orphans to bed. The two seated themselves on the makeshift parapets nearest to the front gates. Richard was just tall enough that, even while sitting flat, he could turn his head and see over the edge. Liliana had to balance herself upon her knees just to reach high enough to be able to peer over.

“It is cold, Master.” She said with a shiver.

“You wished to be out here with me.” Richard scolded.

“I know. It is fine, I do not wish to be apart from you.”

“Here.” He said with a sigh as he removed his travel cloak and wrapped it around her once more, “Take this to keep warm.”

“Thank you Master. Will you be able to sleep without it?”

“Fear not, my gambeson is thick, and my armor heavy, it shall warm me.” He replied. “Do not feel guilt over using my cloak. Chivalry dictates that I would lend it to a lady.”

“You take care of me well, Master.” She said, hugging herself with mirth.

“It’s not that, so much as it is…” Richard said turning red, “Well fine, I suppose I do.”

“Master?” Liliana said, after a long pause.

“What is it?”

“I am sorry that I angered you last night.”

“Liliana, it is as I told you before, you did nothing wrong. If anything, I must apologize to you. I fear that I spoke harshly to you. I meant not to bring shame to you either. You are young and should not feel shame for your fear. I have been a Soldier for some time now, and when the situation is dire, orders require a concise lack of decorum, and it seems I was that way with you. Still though, my point stands; despite the land that you come from, you have a sweet and innocent soul, you really are no fighter, are you?”

“Please, you are my Master, you may speak to me as you wish! No forgiveness is needed.” She replied, clutching his arm once more, “But you are right, I hate violence, and would not know what to do with myself in a fight. I just wish to be useful to you though…”

“You are useful to me though…” Richard replied, pausing as he tried to think of a use to calm the girl’s mind, “See, um, you are helping me right now, are you not? You will assist Sister Ruth with the lookout, so that I may rest my weary bones.”

Liliana smiled at this, and hugged Richard’s arm to her flat bosom, “I suppose the servant can care for the Master as well, sometimes.”

“I will tell you again,” Richard began, “You do not need to call me your master. I only wish to protect you; I look for nothing in return.”

“But you are my master!” she replied with an angelic giggle.

“There is no wining with you…” he replied with a deep sigh.

At that moment, Sister Ruth exited the abbey and joined them in the courtyard. She now wore a thick shawl over her usual holy garb and came bearing a tray of food. She seated herself next to Richard, opposite of Liliana, and passed out the meal. It was a simple fare, consisting of thin stew, and coarse bread; however, none were complaining, as all three were hungered, especially Sir Richard, who had been battling and wandering nonstop for the prior two days.

After they had supped, Liliana wasted no time in falling fast asleep. She had not noticed her fatigue amidst her worry for her master while he was on his hunt, but now, upon first relaxing, sleep instantly overtook her. She lay there, curled up next to her master, absorbing his body heat. Richard shifted uncomfortably, as he now had nowhere to lay, but he did not have the heart to move her as she slept so peacefully. Ruth sat upon her knees, with her legs folded underneath her, and patted her lap.&&

“Come, rest your head here across my lap.” She said, beckoning to Richard.

“I cannot do that.” He replied, “You are a woman of the cloth now, would they not look upon you ill for that?”

“For what? I am merely tending to our protector. Sleep will not find you if you stay in your current position.” She said sweetly.

“You know that I cannot remove my armor right now. Will that not discomfort you?”

“I will be fine so long as you do not wear your helmet again.” She said, patting her lap once more, “Come, it will be just as it was when we were younger.”

Reluctantly, Richard finally gave in, and rotated his body to the side, allowing him to lay down, and place his head in Ruth’s lap. Her thighs were soft and supple, and to Richard, in his current state, they felt as if to be heavenly feather pillows, gifted from above. Ruth brushed his wavy hair out of his face, and lightly stroked his scalp, as his consciousness began to fade.

“Sleep now, my Richard and worry naught.” She breathed softly in his ear.

*006*2025-09-10 02:59

Chapter 5

The Exodus

Morning arrived without incident. Richard, Ruth and Liliana were stiffened from the cold as they arose from their post; they were grateful for the dawn’s warm rays that day. Richard insisted that Ruth rest for a few hours while he and Liliana prepared the children and the injured monks for travel. There was much to be done, and little time to do it. Though the night’s tranquility suggested that the area was safe from demons, the group still knew that it would be best to cover as much ground as possible during the daylight hours and get as far from the area as they could.

Three hours past the first light of dawn, the preparations were complete. The children had their satchels packed, the wounded elders had their wounds dressed, and supplies were loaded into a pull cart. Sir Richard went to Ruth’s chambers, and quietly let himself in, wishing not to startle her awake. Slowly, he approached her bedside, her head kerchief was removed, revealing her beautiful, silken brown hair. He reached out and gently caressed her smooth cheek with a gloved finger. He longed to embrace her, but he knew that any feelings were now forbidden. She was the fruit upon the tree, and he was Adam.

“Ruth,” he said quietly. “It is time for us to leave.”

She reached up and took his hand, as he turned to leave, “Please, stay with me but a moment longer.”

“I cannot do so, you are in a state of undress.” He replied, stoically. “I must see that everyone else is prepared to depart.”

With that, Sir Richard pulled his hand free of Ruth’s tender grasp, and hurried out of her chamber, fearing that, either through her impulses or his own, they may compromise her honor if he lingered any longer. With a sense of urgency, he briskly walked down the corridors of the abbey, and came out to the courtyard where the others were staging for travel. Shortly thereafter, Ruth followed, dressed in her nunnery habit, and travel shawl. She beckoned Richard back over to the doors of the abbey. Richard strode over to her with a newfound resolve, as the change of scenery and task had helped to reset the machinations of his mind.

“I am sorry about earlier,” she said, her face turning crimson red, “I did not mean to make you feel so.”

“The fault is not yours. Say no more of it.” He replied.

“Thank you for saying so.” Ruth continued, “However, I called you over for more than just to give my apologies. There is else that I need to share with you, for it has weighed heavy on my mind with much conflict.”

“Conflict, you say? Please share your mind.” Richard asked inquisitively.

“Please forgive me for not telling you right away, for I was worried at how you would receive the news, but I feel that I must share this rumor with you, it would be wrong not to.” She said as she exhaled before continuing, “Before the refuges stopped coming from the East, I heard repeated tales of some hellish witch known as the Prophetess of Astaroth. At first, I thought little of it, but so many bore her messages, that I soon grew to believe. The first message prophesied that the town would fall, and yet the monastery would stand until the Lord’s Knight came to deliver us. This has come to pass.”

“So a priestess of Satan who prophesies good tidings for us of the Christian faith? That seems reason for perplexing, not concern?” Richard asked.

“Not entirely, a prophet merely sees what may come to pass, be it for their boon or folly." Ruth comtinued, "But that was not the only prophecy that made its way to my ears. An elder man, an old warrior named Geofrey came from the East saying that he had fought through many fledgling cultists on his flight from the plague. He encountered many carrying manuscripts from the prophetess. Those that were written in English all bore this same message.” She said as she produced a scroll from her robe. The parchment was marred, and the scrawl was in fiery runes, but still legible.

‘When the daughter of Lilith walks the lands of men,

So will arise the Harbinger of Astaroth to take her,

When flame forges the bond of two,

Man’s realm will meld with Nether.’

That is the message which was heard over and over. I cannot help but to feel that the daughter of Lilith must refer to Liliana, she did say that the succubi were descended from Lilith?”

“Yes, she did say that.” Richard replied.

“Again, please forgive me for thinking ill of you,” she continued, “But I feared that you would see Liliana as an ill omen, and bring harm to her, as your order oft does. But I have seen now how you care for the girl. You and I have both seen the purity of her character. I feel she may be a victim of this prophecy, if it comes to pass, rather than its herald.” Responded Ruth.

“You say, ‘If it comes to pass.’ What do you mean by that?” Richard asked, “Is there a chance that a prophecy will not come true, or that the outcome can be influenced?”

“I do not know. I’m afraid that I have no answers other than what I have already shared with you.” She said.

Richard thought for a brief moment, then responded, “Thank you for telling me. I will ponder these things and what my next course should be, but for now, I must focus and getting all of you out of this place.”

At last, the procession was underway as they departed the monastery grounds and made for the West. The slow speed of the children and the wounded monks stretched the journey out, taking nearly a full day just to reach Danborough. It was already dark when they arrived and, with no monastery in Danborough, they were brought to Durnwick Commandery to rest for the night.

The commandery was smaller than Wymond Abbey and thus was quickly overcrowded with the refugees. Upon entering, Sir Richard pulled Liliana and Sister Ruth to the side for a brief council. He spoke in a hushed tone.

“Liliana, listen closely, while here, you must keep your distance from me. If the order discovers your identity, this place would be your undoing. Your stature is short and your frame small, stay close to Sister Ruth and present yourself as one of the orphans. Do everything you can to avoid speaking to any of the guards or other members of my order, understood?”

“Yes, Master.” She replied quietly.

“And do not call me, ‘Master’ whilst we are here, refer to me only as Sir Richard.” He continued, turning towards Ruth, “Ruth, please watch out for her while we are here. I could not bring her here before, when it was only she and I, but with you, there should be no suspicion.”

Ruth nodded her head in understanding, took Liliana by the hand and quickly lead her over to the rest of the congregation. Richard went in the opposite direction, towards the commandery tower to meet with Sir Harding, commander of Durnwick.

In the top of the tower, he found him, Sir Harding, surrounded by several of his sergeants. They were crowded around a map table, discussing current happenings and plans. Sir Harding was a stout, barrel-chested man whose face sported a long black beard of curly hair. In the safety of the commandery, he was less armored than usual, wearing only a padded gambeson, and a steel gorget about his collar. He spoke with a rich, deep voice.

“Richard! At last you return to us!” Harding exclaimed as Richard entered the room.

“Forgive the delay. As you can see, I was quite preoccupied delivering these clergymen and children from evil.” Richard responded.

“Yes, that is good. And I received your report about the covert where the demons were being summoned. It was awaiting me when I returned from my tour to the South, naught but a day ago. I sent it to Sir Roderick as per your request. I must say, I was not expecting you to be gone again before I returned. What bade you to venture East?” Harding asked.

Richard chose his words carefully, “I had heard of things going ill to the East. I discovered another covert of cultists summoning demons and their ilk. I slew the summoners and the demons they had brought here. The demons’ night beasts had been attacking Wymond Abbey every night, so I stayed to help fend them off. I believe we killed most of them, whatever of those creatures remain are now scattered to the wind and masterless. They are little more than animals now.”

“I see,” Harding replied, “That is good work you did there. However, you are fortunate to be in one piece, going alone against such unknowns. Where will you go now? I plan to march my men South again, towards Melcombe and retake it. The port has now wholly succumbed to the plague. Rumor has it that is where the demons struck first. We could use your help, if you have a mind to march with us, rather than continuing your single man crusades.”

“I wish you luck and Godspeed in reaching Melcombe, but I cannot go with you. I have a duty to get Sister Ruth and these orphans to the nearest monastery which can support them. You cannot sustain them all here at the commandery. Though the elder monks were injured in the fight, perhaps you could lend them respite here a while longer, as I safeguard those who are fit to travel? There would only be five monks needing to remain.” Richard asked.

“Aye, that would be fine. We have room enough for the five. At a mean walking pace, you ought to reach Malmesbury Abbey in seven days’ time. Head Northwest, into the Wessex region.” Harding replied.

“Indeed, that was my thought as well.” Richard continued, “Can you send some pigeons with messages for me?”

“It can be done. What need you said?” Harding replied with a nod.

“Can you send word North to Beacon Castle and inform Sir Roderick of all that I just told you and tell him that I plan to move East toward London next once I rejoin my men." Richard continued, "To follow that, I need a second pigeon sent to Stahnburgh Commandery instructing the remainder of my men-at-arms to head South and meet me at Malmesbury. Tell them to provision for an extended journey to the East.”

“Very good, I will put one of my men on it right away.” Harding replied, motioning towards one of his Sergeants, indicating for him to begin scribing the message.

The larders of Durnwick were thoroughly pillaged to feed all of the refugees. Provisions were served, and the evening closed uneventfully. All the children and clergy had nowhere to sleep but upon the cold stone of the floor. Blankets and mats were distributed as best as could be, though some had to share. Sir Richard started a fire in the hearth of the hall and took his place against the far wall, so that he could watchfully be at the ready in-between sleep cycles.

The next morning was an early departure. The remaining refugees bade farewell to the injured monks who remained at Durnwick to recover, and then continued their journey into Wessex. The path was long, but safe; the English countryside in this area seemed mostly untouched by the plague and was sparsely populated. Seven days later, the weary group at last arrived at the Malmesbury Abbey and surrounding settlements. Awaiting them there was a host of Sir Richard’s men, some one hundred strong.

The abbey here was much larger than Wymond Abbey. It sported high stone walls, grand architecture, and cloistered courtyards.

Sister Ruth and the orphan girls were received without question and inducted into the congregation there. Sir Richard convened with the sergeants-at-arms amongst his men, ordering that they would be moving out the next day. His troops had set up tents and campsites all about the courtyard, as the abbey did not have room to house them all. He entered his personal tent, and began preparations for slumber. His back was facing the tent door as he attempted in vain to unfasten the buckle upon his pauldrons, when he heard a voice behind him.

“Pardon me, M’Lord.”

“The hour is late, what is it?” Richard replied, turning to face the voice.

His gaze fell upon a lad youthful of face, and sinewy of build. He wore the white gambeson and red surcoat typical of denoting men-at-arms in service to the twelve Knights of Saint Thomas. Despite his rugged frame, he scarcely looked old enough to be a soldier.

“Boy, how old are you, that you came into my service?” Richard asked.

“I am fourteen years of age, M’Lord.” The lad replied.

“That is rather young. Are you here in your father’s stead?”

“No, M’Lord. I was requisitioned here to serve as your squire. If anything, I fear that I may already be too old.” The young man said.

“Fret not, Boy. I’ve no need for a squire who is fresh from the hems of his mother’s skirts. I could use a strong lad like you. Tell me, can you wield sword and spear?” Richard asked.

“Aye sir.”

“Good. What is your name?”

“Edrick, M’Lord.”

“Come then, Edrick,” Richard continued, “I need help removing this armor, I haven’t had it off, nor bathed in weeks.”

“Yes, M’Lord!” Edrick said, going about his task with gusto, clearly eager to be of service.

Once the armor was removed, Edrick quickly went to work acquiring and filling a bath basin for Sir Richard. While his lord bathed, removing weeks’ worth of grime from his skin, Edrick kept busy and scrubbed away the grime from Sir Richard’s armor.

The following morning, the troops began to break down camp and replenish their supplies for the next journey. It was a cold morn, but the men were eager to move out to the countryside once more, and be further from the heavily populated areas, so they made quick work of the breakdown, despite the stiffness of awakening to a cold dawn. As the final preparations were being made, Sir Richard went towards the abbey, wishing to speak with Ruth and Liliana. Edrick followed close on his heels.

“Squire Edrick, you have done fine work for me this last eve and this morn. You need not follow me now, I’ve some members of the congregation that I wish to bid farewell.” Richard instructed, “Go now and see to that you and I each have a steed ready to ride.”

“I will see it done and await you by the stables, M’Lord.” Edrick replied.

Sir Richard had elected not to tell his squire of Liliana yet, for he knew not if he could be trusted. It was best Edrick not see him speaking to her. Sending the lad on his way, Richard then entered the grand doors of Malmesbury and searched about for the ladies. At last he found Sister Ruth, and convened with her, stating that he needed her to keep Liliana here and watch over her. Ruth agreed and bade him to tell Liliana.

“I had surmised it would be your plan to leave the girl here.” Ruth said, “The horrors to the East would be no place for her. I will do everything in my power to keep her hidden and safe. But tell me, do you ride only to war in the East for the sake of the growing shadow there?”

“I ride because it is my duty to put a stop to this pestilence and witchcraft. But no, I also ride East because I must find this prophetess and learn more of this wicked prophecy. I fear the girl will not be safe otherwise and also that something bigger is at play here…”

“I worried that you would do so, but I understand. Please, take this and keep it with you.” Ruth reached under her habit, against her bosom and produced a necklace of rosary beads and an ornate crucifix. “Use this to damn the demons and ward them off. May God’s favor keep you safe on this quest.”

“Thank you, Ruth. I will keep it close.” He replied.

Richard lowered his neck, allowing Ruth to place the crucifix about his collar. Despite his leaning, she still had to stand atop her toes and reach high, seeing this, he knelt to the floor instead. Ruth gently placed it around his neck, took his head in both hands and softly kissed his brow, then she quietly murmured a prayer of blessing and protection over him.

“Now go to her, I have not yet told Liliana. She still delusions that she will be traveling with you.” Ruth said quietly, with a faint mist in her eyes.

“So you have left the treacherous task to me then?” Richard replied in jest.

As he turned to leave, he stopped and faced her once again, “Ruth…when this at last comes to an end, I…we must speak more.”

“Yes, we must.” She replied in a soft tone. “Do not abandon me to my worry, as you did when you left to cross the channel.”

Richard then left her side and continued deeper into the abbey. Passing through the many cloisters and long corridors, he at last came to the sleeping chambers, and found Liliana. She was the only of the refugees aside from Ruth who had been granted a private room. Ruth had seen to ensure that were so, as she would need privacy to undress and slumber, lest someone discover what she truly was.

“Oh, Master, there you are!” She exclaimed cheerfully, “I’ve gathered my things and am ready to depart!”

“Liliana…” he began reproachfully, “I am sorry, surely by now you must understand that you cannot come with me.”

“You’re abandoning me?!” she cried, tears welling in her eyes.

“It is not as you say,” he reassured, “I keep you here to protect you, just as I did at Wymond Abbey.”

“No, no, no! It is not as it was then! You were gone for naught but a day, and you were near still! This is else entirely; you will leave me here to go far and never return!” she cried.

“Lest I fall in battle, I promise you that I will return. The pestilence has spread in the East, and the demons grow, it is my sworn duty to go and fight against this. I cannot be dissuaded from my course.” Richard replied, attempting to comfort her.

“Please do not leave me! Have I not served you well? Have I disappointed you in some way? Please, Master, give me but another chance!” she said, as she slumped to the floor and broke down into uncontrollable sobbing while clutching the top of Richard’s greave.

“Liliana, I ask no service of you, but do this merely because I wish to protect you.” He said.

“But Master, could you not protect me better with me by your side?”

“The demon hordes have multiplied. I go now to battle, that is no place for you. I need you to remain far away from the East because…” Richard paused for a moment, debating on sharing the prophecy with her. “Because this area would be safest for you.”

“Please, send me not from your company!” she wailed.

“I am sorry that it cannot be otherwise,” Richard said, consciously keeping his tone from becoming stern, as he had accidentally done before, “But I am a sworn knight, and this is now my duty. Please, be at ease. I promise that I will return.”

Liliana continued sobbing as Richard gently removed her grasp from his boot and turned to leave the room. In a final effort, she stretched her arms upward towards him, wishing to embrace him before his departure, but his back was already facing her, and he did not see. She attempted to call out to him, but her voice was little more than a squeak past her sobs.

&&

As he left the sleeping quarters, Richard pondered to himself wondering what it was that gave Liliana such torment over the prospect of abandonment. He surmised that, at some point in her undoubtedly dreary life in the Nether, she must have been abandoned before, if there were such things as family and loved ones in a vile place like that. Her cries were quickly muffled by the thick stone walls of the abbey; after a couple of turns down the corridor, he could no longer hear her. Richard did his best to push the memory of Liliana’s sobbing to the back of his mind, as he was often troubled by the hurt and sorrow of young girls.

Richard returned to the courtyard to meet with his men. Edrick was waiting for him and presented Richard with his battle-worn halberd.

“M’Lord, I forgot to mention, your sergeant bade me that I bring this to you from Stahnburgh.” Edrick said, holding the lengthy weapon out in front of him.

“Ah, it is good to see this again.” Richard said, taking the weapon and spinning it with a flourish, “My Sergeant was right to send this. Of late I have spent too many eves in cramped cellars and dank dungeons, where I could not fight with such a weapon. However, I feel that we will soon be meeting our enemy upon open ground.”

“Would you train me also to fight with a polearm such as that?” Edrick inquired.

“Aye, Lad. Your training starts now.” Richard replied, tossing the weapon back to his squire. “You will begin by carrying it for me as we travel. You must march many miles with it and so you will strengthen yourself and grow accustomed to its weight.”

Shortly thereafter, Sir Richard and his host departed Malmesbury along the Southern road. He left behind a cadre of ten men led by one of his Sergeants-at-arms to protect the abbey. The men were in high spirits as they took to the open road, singing a merry cadence as they marched, most on foot, with Sir Richard and some of the officers mounted upon horse back.

*007*2025-09-14 03:17

Chapter 6

Plagued Lands

Two weeks of marching later, and Sir Richard’s troupe found themselves camped just past Danborough, where they had halted for the evening. The next day, they were poised to make it to Wymond Abbey in a single journey, where they could use the grounds as a strongpoint against the fetid countryside to the East.

While most of the men were busy pitching their tents, preparing food, or kindling fires, Richard and Edrick were taking the time to train. The two were sparring with polearms, while a few of the men watched and cheered them on. Edrick, for a young lad, put up a good fight, but was no match for the renowned knight, despite his holding back. At last, the two stood down for a short reprieve. Edrick’s lungs were burning from exerting in the cold, December air.

“You have me soundly beaten, M’Lord.” Edrick said, in-between huffs.

“Fear not, you have fought well, Edrick.” Richard replied. “You will find little improvement unless you fight someone more skilled than yourself.”

“Then I could continue honing my skills ere the rest of my life, be it against you.” Edrick paused for a moment before continuing, “Is it true what they say about you? That you are unmatched upon the battlefield with spear or halberd?”

“And who are, ‘they’ who say this about me?” Richard inquired.

“Everyone whom I have spoken to.” Edrick replied with a shrug.

“It is true that I served in the King’s Army as part of a dragoon company while fighting the French. And it is true that I have not yet been killed.” Richard replied, nonchalantly returning the shrug.

Sergeant Wilhelm, a veteran who was watching from the sidelines then interjected in the conversation, “Lad, do not let our Sir lie to you. I’m one of the few here who served alongside him across the channel. I say unto you, this man is a terror upon the battlefield. I do not know why he even bothers wearing all of that armor, it is not as if any foe can even get close enough for a strike!”

“If only that were so.” Richard replied in a serious tone, removing his helmet and pointing towards the scar upon his jaw. “That is enough training. I will retire early, as we must press on again at dawn.”

Richard’s demeanor had turned more somber as he turned to leave the group and made his way back to his own tent. Edrick came later, bearing food for his lord, he then helped him to remove his armor. No words were spoken between the two that night.

The following morning, the men broke camp and continued East. During the night, a light snow had fallen, leaving a white dusting upon the ground, this and the cold soured the mood of the men as they trudged onward, they knew that they would soon be leaving the last of the safe lands. Despite the poor morale, they made good time, and arrived at the abandoned Wymond Abbey just before dusk. There was no sign of friend nor foe there, however it was apparent from the monastery’s degraded state that it had been ransacked after the congregation had fled under the protection of Sir Richard. The wooden fortifications were torn down and splintered. Debris from assorted crates, barrels and other storage containers littered the courtyard.

The company set up camp in the courtyard and within the abbey for the night. Fires were built, fortifications repaired, and provisions were passed out. An uneasy quiet settled over the base as the men settled in for the night.

The next morning, Sir Richard awoke early and excused himself to the prayer room. He rested upon his knees, clutching the rosary which Sister Ruth had given him, and silently prayed for divine protection over he and his men. When finally he had finished, he was surprised to find Edrick awaiting him just outside the door. Edrick followed him back to his chambers, and assisted his lord in donning his armor, then the two returned to the main hall.

The hall was dimly lit, and poorly warmed. Aged wooden pews lined either side of the hall, with a causeway in the middle, leading to a stone altar at the far end, crested by a single stained glass window.

Richard set a table in the center of the hall, where he laid his map. Five Sergeants gathered around the table alongside Sir Richard as he prepared their marching orders.

“Come join us, Lad.” Sir Richard said, beckoning towards Edrick. “If you are to be apprenticed to me, you must train in more than just martial combat.”

“Yes, M’Lord.” Edrick replied, with a smile.

“Lads,” Richard began, “There is more here in the East than just the plague. Rumor tells that the enemy is on the move here. Our job is simple: we find them; we smite them. Their deamons and beasts will be put to the sword, while their summoners and plague-bringers will be put to the torch. We will cleanse these lands!”

“Huzzah!!” the men cheered in unison.

“We have three settlements each within less than a day’s march from here.” Richard continued, pointing to the spots on the map. “We will start here with the Northernmost village, and work our way South, and back here over the next few days. Sergeant Allston, you and ten of your men will stay here and hold the abbey as our stronghold. We will send a raven on the third morn to update you as to our next movements. The rest of the company will travel with me. Sergeants, prepare your men, we depart immediately.”

Over the course of the next three days the men were met with grisly sights at the villages. Each was devoid of life. The buildings were ransacked, and the dead lined the streets. The overwhelming odor of diseased, rotting flesh hung heavy in the air nearly one hundred meters out from each village. The stench alone was enough to cause many of the men to fall ill with nausea, and wretch on the spot.

In an attempt to reduce exposure to the rot in the air, the men camped on the outskirts of the villages, and took shifts venturing into the villages. Each time, they discovered nothing but death, and abandoned scrawlings from the prophetess.

“When the daughter of Lilith walks the lands of men,

So will arise the Harbinger of Astaroth to take her,

When flame forges the bond of two,

Man’s realm will meld with Nether.”

One the third day, the men slowly trudged back towards Wymond Abbey. The fruitlessness of their search, and the horrific sights had darkened their moods and eradicated the zeal which had taken their hearts naught but three days prior.

Sir Richard was lost in thought, as he attempted to ignore the nauseating pangs still twisting in his stomach. His time in war had familiarized him with the stench of death, but no man could have been prepared for the sheer volume of rotten death awaiting then here in Wessex.

Erdick spoke up, interrupting Richard from his brooding, “M’Lord, you seem troubled?”

“Yes Lad, who would not be troubled when their query had turned up naught but death and pestilence.” Richard replied.

“Yes, I too am troubled by this, we all are. But you seemed particularly preoccupied in thought.” Edrick replied, knowingly. “Do you have family awaiting you in the West, M’Lord? My thoughts continually stray to my family.”

“It saddens me to say, but all of my family awaits me in the company of our Lord.” Richard replied, signing a cross across his chest.

“I am sorry, M’Lord, it was not my place to ask.” Edrick responded reproachfully.

“It is fine, Lad.” Richard returned, his tone slightly softer than before. “I do not recoil at the thought of their memory, though their loss does leave an emptiness in my soul. But it is good that we should know these things of each other.”

“I see, M’Lord.” Edrick said hesitantly, “May I ask then, do you have other loved ones who are not of blood? There must be someone whom you fight for? Whom you wish to build your own family with?”

Sir Richard thought for a moment before replying, “Yes I do.”

“The road is long, M’Lord,” Edrick continued, “Will you tell me of them?”

Sir Richard’s cheeks flushed, hidden under his helmet as he came to a realization. Though Ruth should have been the answer, the first face which came to his mind was that of sweet Liliana. He then realized that his mind had been dwelling upon her this entire morn as they marched. It was true that he held much love for Ruth in his heart, had had ever since they were young, yet he could not stop thinking of Liliana. Ever since venturing East, Richard had felt as if he had a renewed purpose.

&&

“M'Lord?“ Edrick asked again, stirring Richard from his musings once more.

“Sorry, Lad,” Richard responded after another moment of hesitation. “I was lost in thought once more. I have close ties to the church, and the host that I had escorted to Malmesbury, whence you and I first met. My heart often dwells upon them.”

“I see. I would hope to meet them, should we one day return there.” Edrick replied.

“But enough of me. What of your family?” Richard asked.

“My mother and father, and my three young sisters.” Edrick replied, thinking wistfully of home. “I worry for them.”

“It is natural to fret over those you love.” Richard said, as he thought back to the worry which he was putting Ruth and Liliana through. “And their worry for you must be great also.”

“I had not yet thought of that. My father was oft busy in our Lord’s court, so I was the one to dote upon my sisters. But you must be right, they all must worry for me….why do I now feel guilt?” Edrick said, with a saddened look upon his face.

“Fear not Lad, it is normal for young men to leave the comforts of home to ride to war. And it is easy to forget the troubles it lays upon the hearts of those whom you leave behind you.” Richard said comfortingly. “This is a lesson that I myself have only just recently come to realize.”

Sir Richard placed a guantleted hand upon Edrick’s shoulder, and spoke once more “I am sure they are also proud of you. Apprenticeship to fight for King, Country and our Lord God. You have done well.”

“You praise me too much, M’Lord. Thank you.” Edrick replied, his worry abating.

At last, the company returned to Wymond Abbey. The men rested for the night, troops were rotated from the guard shifts, Sergeants exchanged duties, and preparations were made to move out again.

The next morning, Sir Richard and his Sergeants were planning their next move. During the discussion, the main doors swung open, disturbing the still air within the abbey. One of the company’s scouts came trotting into the room. He wore the same white gambeson and red surcoat as the other men, though he wore no helmet, and was armed with only a sword upon his belt.

“My Lord!” the scout exclaimed in between puffs, attempting to catch his breath. “I rode hard to get this information to reach you, for we have little time! I encountered a great host, armed and dressed in black, naught but two or three leagues from us!”

“At least, we have a lead!” Sir Richard said with a newfound enthusiasm. “from which direction do they come?”

“Directly due East of us, three leagues, marching Westward. I reckoned their ranks to be some two-hundred strong.” The scout replied.

“Hmm, they would outnumber us nearly two to one.” Richard said concernedly, “Tell me all that you know of their composition. Prior to now, I have mostly fought cultists and their summoned daemons, but now it seems the rumors are true. They travel in force.”

“I reckon they were no mere men of Satan’s cloth.” The scout continued. “These men were armed. Some carried shields which bore words and runes of crimson, though I cannot read the words. Many did not carry shields, only sword or spear. Their marching was disorganized, and most seemed not to have much armor. Among them, I saw no steeds, though I could not get close enough to see of their officers or knights. They traveled under the light of the sun. I saw no daemons amongst their company”

“You have done well to bring us this information.” Richard said, then turned towards the other men. “Sergeants, go now and prepare all of your men and steeds. Meet me here at the table within the hour!”

Soon, the entire company was armed, and marching East. They traveled over a league Eastward, and stopped upon the fields that the scout had indicated. Sir Richard quickly surveyed the landscape and got his men into position.

Another scout came galloping back over one of the hilltops at full speed. He informed the company that the enemy had been spotted and would be upon them soon.

Sir Richard stood upon the ground with his infantrymen. The footmen stood shoulder to shoulder, kite shields overlapping, some twenty men to Sir Richard’s right, and twenty men wide to his left. Two ranks deep they were, with the second rank sporting pike, longsword and crossbow held overtop of the first ranks’ shields. Richard was at the precipice of the wedge formation, between the only gap in the shields, his armored body making up for the gap. In his hands, he held his massive halberd at the ready, with Edrick close at his back, armed with a stout spear.

Every horse they had in their troupe was mustered. Numbering twenty riders, they stood hidden in reserve in a nearby clump of trees. The cavalry were armed with spear and lance.

At last, the enemy forces began to crest the distant hilltops. Sir Richard gave the signal to raise their battle flag, indicating a challenge to the enemy. He then looked over his shoulder to observe his squire. Edrick was trembling with fear, yet the stance of his feet indicated no faltering, and upon his face a wore a staunch look of determination.

“Will this be your first battle, Lad?” Sir Richard called out to him.

“Aye Sir, it will be.” Edrick replied.

“Fear not, for I promise you that you shall stand to see tomorrow. Richard said. “Just hold your ground and use the length of your spear to keep these swine away from my flank. That is your only job.”

“I will see it done, M’Lord!” Edrick exclaimed with a resolute tone.

“Stand your ground men!” Richard bellowed, “These vermin are ragged and undisciplined! Surely I say unto you, we shall scatter them!”

The enemy forces formed together into crude ranks and charged. Those few which had shields formed a thin shield wall, with the remaining skirmishers charging behind them. Few officers were present, their troops moved in one large group, with little directions for otherwise.

Sir Richard’s forces had time to launch two volleys of bolts into the enemy lines. Most of the enemy shields were splintered, and many of their bearers too were pierced and slain before reaching Richard’s lines. The remaining enemy skirmishers were still many in number as they crashed against the shield wall. Richard’s men were pressed hard by the overwhelming numbers, but the enemy was scarcely armored, and had little counter against the English shield wall. Still, the enemy pressed their attack, a Satanic devoutness burning in their eyes as they fought with fervor. Many were quickly dispatched as they hurled themselves against the shields, attempting to make an opening.

One of the Sergeants raised a flag bearing the silhouette of a horse, signaling the cavalry to spring their trap. The riders burst forth from the treeline and charged in wedge formation. With polearms pointed forward, the cavalry crashed into the lines of the satanic foot soldiers, quickly sundering their already disorganized ranks.

As the enemy ranks splintered, Richard gave the order for his infantry to lower shields and charge. The enemy no longer held ranks, but were still numerous. Their blades were inept at piercing Richard’s armor, and were mostly too short to parry the wide sweeps of his halberd. Seeing this, Sir Richard lowered his guard, and went fully on the offensive, cutting a swath through the enemy foot soldiers, allowing his suit of armor to deflect their blows. Meanwhile, Edrick stuck close behind and fended off any strikes to his Lord’s backside.

Most of Richard’s men were faring well against the disorganized enemy troops. But one among them stood out as a paragon unlike the rest. The Satanists had their own knight of sorts commanding their troops, which the scout had not initially spotted. He stood as tall as any other man there, but was broad shouldered and muscular. His armor was crudely painted black, and, though of rougher craft than Sir Richard’s, still provided equal coverage. In one hand, he carried a single-edged short sword with large notches running half way up the blade, and in the other hand he wielded notched club with spikes.

The Satanist Knight cut down several of Sir Richard’s men, before locking eyes with him from across the battlefield. The two men instinctively made their way towards each other. Richard quickly surveyed his adversary and surmised that the length of his halberd would give him the advantage over the satanic knight’s inferiorly short weapons. Richard charged his opponent with a mighty thrust from his halberd, but the enemy knight deflected the speartip towards the ground just before it reached him.

Sir Richard repeatedly swung and thrust his weapon towards his enemy, rapidly gaining the upper hand. The satanic knight was losing ground and had to quickly begin stepping backward to keep up with the rapid thrusts of Sir Richard’s weapon. Seeing this, Richard drove his weapon forward attempting a final mighty strike at the small gap in the armor of his adversary, at the neck.

Suddenly, the satanic knight turned the edge of his sword, and caught Richard’s halberd in the notches, locking it in place. Sir Richard was stunned for a split second, as he was shocked by the sudden immobility of his weapon. With a grunt, his enemy then swung his club down onto the top of Richard’s halberd, catching on the notch and pulling the entire weapon down to the ground and out of Richard’s hands. In the same breath, the satanic knight lurched forward, ramming his armored shoulder into Richard’s breastplate, knocking him off balance. In the next breath, he placed his greaved boot behind Richard’s stance, forcing him to trip backwards, as he attempted to regain his balance.

The weight of Sir Richard’s armor caused him to hit the ground with great force. He was stunned, and unused to being bested. In a moment, the satanic knight was atop Richard and pummeling him with his weapons. The sword mostly clanged off of Richard’s armor, but the mace struck concussive blows and began to dent the armor. Richard crossed his arms in front of his face, attempting to protect his head, taking the brunt of the blows to his forearms. The shock of the blows sent vibrations down his arms, to the bone, Richard’s vision began to blur. The satanic knight raised his arm high, preparing to bring down a shattering blow upon Sir Richard’s arm. Suddenly, a spear pierced the man under his arm into his chest, where there was a mobility gap in his armor. The man roared in pain.

Richard quickly regained his lucidity, and reached for the satanic knight’s weapons. Once he restrained the man’s arms, Richard twisted his body with all of his might, attempting to wrench the man off of him, this caused the two of them to roll over and fall to the side. Now Richard could see that his savior’s spear belonged to Edrick, who was still pushing with all of his might to drive it deeper into the man’s flesh. Now that his back was no longer pinned to the ground, Richard reached to the back of his belt and pulled a thin dirk from its scabbard. He seized the opportunity and plunged it into the gap between the enemy knight’s helmet and gorget. Blood came spewing from the man’s neck when Richard pulled the dirk out. He then rolled ontop of the man, pinning him to the ground, Richard then repeatedly plunged the dirk in and out of the slit of exposed flesh, splattering blood along his own arms.

At last, Richard’s foe lay dead upon the ground. At that same time, the rest of the battle had mostly subsided. The remainder of Sir Richard’s men-at-arms were finishing off the last few stragglers from the enemy forces. The ground, which originally was covered in a dusting of clean white snow was now a twisted canvas of mud and blood.

“M'Lord, are you unharmed?!” Edrick asked, frantically.

“I am now.” Richard replied, gasping for breath. “Thanks to you.”

After a brief reprieve, Sir Richard conferred with his Sergeants to tally the tolls of the battle. His forces lost a total of fourteen men, with another dozen or so injured. In contrast, nearly the entire enemy forces was eradicated, which had originally been twice the size of his own company.

Sir Richard’s slain men were buried along with their weapons upon the battlefield. The enemy soldiers were piled into heaps and burned unceremoniously. The wounded were loaded onto the horses and prepared for travel. The company made their way back towards Wymond Abbey, where they could further recuperate. Once they had arrived, and the wounded were tended to, Sergeant Allston approached Richard.

“Sir, we searched the bodies. Found this upon that black knight you slew.” Allston said, tossing a canvas satchel towards Richard. “Marching orders and the like, I reckon it is.”

Sir Richard enlisted Edrick’s help to search the bag, as his own hands and forearms still shook and twitched beyond his control, from the pummeling they had received upon the battlefield. Edrick poured through the papers within the bag. He discovered more copies of the prophecy regarding the Harbinger of Astaroth, along with a detailed list of routes, locations And future targets.

“Lads!” Richard announced, “I believe we have finally found where this Prophetess has been hiding!”

