What a strange planet

Author: Daredare205

*000*2026-04-03 00:06

Chapter 1 - Still Under Construction?

Faster Than Light. That special technology that lets a species step outside its cradle system and start exploring the greater galaxy. Or, at least, that’s how humans envisioned it. If the Galactic Accord had ever met a human, they wouldn’t know what to think… Trying to travel the galaxy by building massive ships and just making them go faster through some sort of physics defying drive? Yeah, like that would ever work. Jumpgates, on the other hand, are a well understood technology that works on well understood laws of physics. They’ve been around for thousands of years, making travel from one system to another a basic fact of life at this point. 

There are six classes of jumpgates. Class 1 jumpgates are as small as they get and are often found in storage systems in personal quarters so as to reduce the size of the space needed within the quarters. After all, why build big closets in every room and triple the size of the standard personal quarters when you could just build a storage facility on Arth IV, it’s a long dead machine planet after all, nothing but resources just waiting for someone to build another big storage building and link it up to all the tiny little jumpgates. As expected, class 2 jumpgates are large enough for people to go through. Class 3 jumpgates can transport entire family-sized hover carriers.

Class 4 is where it starts getting serious. Once you reach this stage, these are no longer little devices that transport personal goods and family hover carriers. A class 4 jumpgate can transport entire asteroids, and it requires massive power for containment technologies and very capable cooling systems to keep the outer crystal ring near absolute zero, as any variance in such a large gate could cause massive issues when dealing with such a large aperture. Class 5 jumpgates have been around for a couple hundred years, and they’re mainly used for mass transportation of entire cities worth of supplies in only a few minutes. These jump gates are nearly a mile across and the sheer power required to maintain such a large aperture requires cooling systems nearly the size of the gate itself to keep the outer crystal ring from falling out of sync due to temperature fluctuations. 

Class 6 jumpgates have only been around for a few decades, and they’re used to transport mechanical moons. These massive jumpgates have apertures over 3,000 miles across and require cooling systems built into entire machine planets to keep them stable. Just last year, Unichip Manufacturing Excorporated (Unichip Exc.) announced its completion of the first ever class 7 jumpgate, stated to be capable of transporting entire machine planets with zero variance.

“Look at all the lights… I thought they said this thing was done, but don’t those look like construction lights” The younger of the two catlike aliens said to her partner.

“Yeah… It is supposed to be finished already. Why do they need so many machine moons if construction is already done and over with? Kinda hard to tell for sure though when we’re zoomed in this far.” The older of the two catlike aliens said to her younger partner. “Computer, reduce magnification to factor seven.”

“Unable to comply. Current magnification is already set two factors below the specified magnification factor. Would you like to increase magnification to factor seven?” The voice was old and mechanical. Serena liked it that way. Her family had always been more hands-on, and while that was considered ancient at this point in time, the medals on her chest would dare to say otherwise.

“Computer, what is our current distance from our destination?” Serena called out in an annoyed tone.

“This shuttle is currently 37 million ilns from your destination. If we maintain our current speed and heading, arrival is expected in four leps.”

“Still four more leps to go. Shall I take the night watch for tonight?” Serena asked her younger companion while stretching her arms towards the ceiling and feeling her back release. Of course, Riley chuckled when she saw her older partner’s ears twitch when the fur on her arms touched the tips of her ears.

“Sounds good to me. I don’t know how you can stay up so long and not get tired.”

“It’s not about not getting tired. It’s about not wasting energy. I think I’ll go use the dustroom, I’ll be right back and then you can head to bed. We’ll rotate out in a quarter lep.”

“Works for me.” Now that Riley finally had a moment to herself, she could whisper into her suit to turn its matter dematerialization to maximum. “Finally, I can let go. I thought I was going to have to use the dustroom… I hate those things…” A relieved smile spread across her face as as hissing sound came from her crotch. Her eyelids felt heavy as the pressure and discomfort left her. She had to admit, these new upgraded suits with their double dematerialization rates were really really nice. She couldn’t even feel any dampness from her full force stream. Despite the obvious reason to like such a capable system, she did sometimes miss the moments when her old suit would fall behind trying to break down her pee when she went full force and it would start to dribble along her thighs.

Ah shit. Her body was getting warm… She really hoped Serena would hurry up in the dustroom so she could take care of her need in her private room.

