Four Fingers (A Pee Poem)

Author: HissGenerator

*000*2023-10-03 01:11

Four Fingers

Four fingers, is what she thought,

@@when a spurt of heat bursted below;

@@hot fabric molesting, when it sought

@@to encompass a pulsing flesh, as she grows.

Her olive thighs draw close by shy knees,

@@what little fat jiggles as pressure surmounts:

@@its echoes surround that soggy skin need,

@@despite grabbing hard, she twitches more out.

Was really bizarre as her white panties shined,

@@the urge so intense she’d let go with stress;

@@as if dancing with doubt: she pissed, then bind,

@@then squirt again, each pulse became the best.

Until binding became such unrest,

@@her nipples erected as her mind enticed,

@@invited the missed press of a particular guest,

@@and grabbed herself with so much delight.

As the guest took advantage,

@@her demanding thoughts bound her firm,

@@forcing the other hand as they managed

@@to squeeze her belly until she burst.

The guest was obnoxious and forcefully loud,

@@as it squelched through the incessant hissing,

@@her gapped mouth moaned with a great shout:

@@insides screaming out just as she was pissing.

The shivers electrified across the front thighs,

@@rippling upon her hourglass figure;

@@her body convulsed up to her mind,

@@and fried her wiring with just one trigger.

After she came to, she found herself going,

@@inner thighs burning just as they were tickled:

@@a dwindling stream of rivulets yet flowing

@@across tingling skin covered wet and prickled.

She sighs and whistles out her huffs,

@@her dribbling now coming to a close;

@@the last few drops drip down her muff,

@@and violently shivers with one final moan.

