The Lifeguard

Author: InkAndUrge

*000*2026-03-15 22:43

High Chair, High Stakes: The Lifeguard’s Secret

Hi everyone! I’ve been a long-time lurker on Omorashi.org for years, enjoying all the incredible stories here, but I finally worked up the nerve to write and share something of my own. I’ve always been fascinated by the "uniform" aspect of Omo—the tension between staying professional and losing control.

This story focuses on the sensory details of holding during a high-stakes shift and the bliss of finally giving in. I’d love to hear what you think, especially regarding the descriptions of the wet spandex! Any feedback is welcome as I start my writing journey here.

Maya is the ultimate "stickler"—punctual, professional, and perfectly in control. But during a grueling shift in the sweltering heat of the pool deck, a desperate need to go becomes more than just a distraction. Trapped in Chair 3 under the watchful eye of her strict supervisor, Maya finds herself pushing past the point of agony and into a daring game of chicken with her own body.

What starts as a battle of will turns into a deliberate exploration of surrender. From the rhythmic pressure of the lap lanes to the heavy, sodden reality of a saturated swimsuit, The Lifeguard follows Maya as she trades her rigid "deck presence" for the intoxicating thrill of losing control.

- The Lifeguard.mp3

- The Lifeguard.epub

- The Lifeguard.m4a

- The Lifeguard.epub

*002*2026-03-22 08:28

Thanks for your suggestion. I have rewritten the story without headings and with a different second day. I think it flows much better now. I will post as soon as I have finished proofing it.

*003*2026-03-22 12:08

{{On 3/21/2026 at 3:25 AM, JimSpurs666 said:

I like it but you should delete the heading titled

}}

As suggested I have rewritten the story. The ending is very different so worth another read.

The Lifeguard 2nd Edition.epub

