Helly's Angles

Author: Astraptera

*000*2026-03-25 23:20

This is part 31.5 of Scraps but it's independent of the plot of Scraps and got a lot longer than I intended, so I decided to post it separately. It's a flashback involving two of the characters and how they met. It's not part of the main story at all, so reading it isn't required to understand what's going on.

Helly’s Angles

Part 1

“Are you sure you want to stay here?”

Helly looked up from her notebook at her mother, who wore a flight suit. Helly’s mother was middle-aged, short and chubby with black, straight hair in a short bob, and light red eyes. Helly was twenty-four and a bit more than a head taller than her mother, thin and gangly with dark eyes and shoulder-length curly dark red hair, pulled back into a messy bun. Instead of a sleek one-piece flight suit, Helly wore a warm hoodie, knee-length lounge skirt, and slippers. The one trait mother and daughter shared was the color of their large feathered wings: eye-catching yellow, fading to a muted gray toward the ends.

“Yeah. I need to have this done before the end of the break,” Helly sighed. “I’ll go next year, I promise.”

The beachside camp Helly’s family stayed at sat at the base of the mountainous coastal forests close to the city of Hunter’s Grove on Hermit Crab Island. Helly was somehow related by marriage to the relatively small but wealthy Asteraceae family, who owned and maintained the Hunter’s Grove camp and attached flight loop, so her family got a small discount on their trips here. The flight circuit at Hunter’s Grove was the second largest in the Homeworld, taking at least three or four days to fly in good weather, with stops to explore and lodges on the route where guests could stay overnight. Helly had loved their vacations here in past years, but this year she’d been putting off doing her geometry homework for weeks, not because it was hard, but because it was easy and she’d told herself repeatedly that it would “only take a few minutes.” Now she had thirty pages worth of problems to do and it was due the morning after the break.

From the back porch of their shared family cabin, Helly watched her family fly off over the fog shrouded forest until their silhouettes faded. Once they were gone, Helly went back inside, poured herself a cup of tea from the large communal pot, and sat down to start her homework.

On the other side of the camp, a young man lay back on his bed, dozing lightly while he listened to the radio. Like Helly, the young man was Andyne. He was short, with black-feathered wings, a disheveled mop of goldish brown hair, a very pink skin tone, and striking violet eyes. He wore a black t-shirt and a knee-length plain kilt; he didn't normally wear kilts, but it made getting dressed and using the toilet easier with the bulky cast on his right leg.

Across the room, the young man heard his ringtone.

“Fuuuuuuuck,” he groaned, and sat up. The cloth brace on his left wrist wasn't as cumbersome as the cast on his leg, but it didn't help. He managed to stand, grab his hand crutch, and awkwardly side-hop over to the small table holding his phone where it sat.

He reached the phone after it had stopped ringing. The time was seven-thirty in the morning and the caller ID said “Dad.” He called back.

“There you are! Did I wake you?” asked a gravelly voice.

“Not really. My phone was just charging,” the young man replied blearily. “What's up?”

“Just checking in on you,” said the young man's father sympathetically. “How are you feeling?”

“Like I crashed into a tree and broke my leg,” said the young man with a rueful laugh.

“You're staying hydrated with those painkillers, right? That's very important,” said the young man's father.

“Yeah, Dad,” the young man sighed. “I'm going to take another dose when I'm done on this call.”

“Good, good. Do you need anything? I can call the camp lodge and have them deliver whatever you need. Or I could come down there myself. I could get a shuttle-“

“No, Dad. This was my fault. I'm okay. Enjoy your vacation,” the young man sighed.

“Are you sure, Bellis?” his dad asked earnestly. “I wouldn't mind. It has to be hard, not being able to use your dominant hand.”

“I'm okay, Dad. Really,” said Bellis, trying to sound more energetic than he felt. “Thanks for checking in. Give Mom and the triplets hugs for me. Everyone else can have a fist bump.”

“Alright. I'll call back after the next leg, but if you need anything, just call.”

“I will. Thanks, Dad. Love you.”

“Love you too, Bellis. Remember to drink enough water, okay?” Bellis’s Dad repeated. “That's essential with those pills the hospital gave you.” Bellis waited until after he'd hung up to groan.

Five minutes later, Bellis stood next to the sink with a water glass. His lower leg burned from the extra trip to the kitchen area, and his left wrist throbbed. He’d had a can of soda by his bed and he’d taken his pills with it, but his father and the doctors were adamant on Bellis drinking two glasses of water with each dose. His stomach and bladder felt full after he finished chugging the glasses of water, but he was too tired to care. He made his way over to his bed and fell carefully onto it, falling asleep within ten seconds of his head hitting the pillow.

At two in the afternoon, Helly poured herself half a cup of tea. She’d been trying for a full cup, but that was all that was in the pot. Helly scoffed at the half-full cup and turned to use the bathroom before calling the lodge for another pot of tea. She was quite happy with her progress on her homework: she had almost half of it done, and enjoyed a feeling of accomplishment on her way to the bathroom-

Crack!

Helly froze. She’d felt something break under her foot and stepped back with a sinking feeling. A patch of jagged blue plastic shards was all that was left of her protractor; it had shattered into about a dozen tiny pieces. Helly had thought it was a bit basic for a college geometry class, but now that it was gone, Helly couldn’t replace it with anything.

“No,” Helly moaned. It occurred to her that she could make one, but what if she was off? “Would the lodge have one?” said Helly, thinking out loud. She glanced at the telephone, and her stomach growled. She realized she hadn’t eaten since breakfast and decided to visit the lodge in person for lunch. While she was there, she’d ask for more tea, and whether they had any protractors. Even if they didn’t, Helly knew there were shuttles to and from town at least twice a day most weekdays, and she could buy one at the nearest place that sold stationery items.

Bellis woke up groggy to a nastily throbbing leg, a sore wrist, and a full glass of water and pills ready next to his bed. He stretched, careful not to include his injured leg or arm, and sat up, holding the bottle between his knees to twist open the cap.

“Thanks, past self,” Bellis yawned, and gulped down his water with the pills. He tried to go back to sleep and partially succeeded, fading in and out for what felt like a long time until his body decided that he was awake. After that, he stared at the ceiling, most of the pain blessedly gone until the boredom was too much, and dragged himself into the living room area to watch whatever was on the television.

Bellis turned on the television and was greeted by a blue screen and the words, “NO SIGNAL” in an upper corner. Since the phone was within reach of his chair, he dialed the lodge, only to find out that the television was out in his part of the camp, and wouldn't be fixed for about a day and a half. Part of Bellis wanted to just go back to bed, but the lodge had television and a large common area in which to watch it. It also had food; Bellis found he was both hungry and somewhat repulsed by food. Nothing sounded good, but he could drink a soda and see if his appetite came back.

Ten minutes later, Bellis hobbled out the door and caught the small tram that circled the camp every ten minutes to the lodge after a short wait at the covered tram stop. It was raining outside, and as bad as his leg and wrist could get, he didn’t envy his family if the weather was like this along the flight loop.

After shaking the water off his feathers in the lodge’s front hallway, Bellis poured himself a soda at the soda fountain and sat in one of the plush chairs around the large television. He had the sitting area to himself, which meant he got to pick the programming. He flipped through commercials, weather reports, a documentary on the Changeling Homeworld, a cooking show where a walking television and a child in a striped shirt seemed to be baking a cake, and finally, settled on a miniseries of one of the “Love In The” novels.

Helly arrived at the lodge at two-fifteen, asking about a tea refill and a shuttle into town at the front desk.

“The next shuttle is…the day after tomorrow at nine in the morning,” the clerk, an Andyne woman with speckled dark brown wings and a blue Hunter’s Grove Camp uniform informed Helly. “They keep the lodges and in-resort transportation staffed here for holidays, but the shuttle drivers have a completely different union, and they’re off for the Crab King Festival. If you like, I can call you a taxi.”

Helly gave the offer some thought. She could do roughly a third of her geometry problems without a protractor, and her family would take at least four days to traverse the flight loop.

“I think I’ll wait,” said Helly. She thanked the desk clerk and headed for the empty cafeteria. The food was hot, some of it looked fresh, and Helly loaded up three plates with a variety of carbs, proteins, sweets, fried foods, and vegetable-based dishes. She noticed that the television in the sitting area adjoining the cafeteria was playing a “Love in The” miniseries while she got herself a soda, and sat down with her food in a large armchair, two seats away from a young man with a bulky plaster cast on his foreleg who sat slurping the last dregs of a fountain drink.

Helly dug into her food while onscreen, Alistair Antzera casually snooped through a train station. A few minutes in, she looked up, and found the man in the cast staring at her. He was pallid, with greasy hair and dark circles under his eyes, and his stomach gurgled loudly when he made eye contact with Helly. He blushed and looked away, slurping at his drink again.

Helly glanced around: it was the slow season for Hunter’s Grove Camp, and she and the young man were the only customers in the sprawling common area of the lodge. There had been some diners at the cafeteria tables when Helly had arrived only minutes ago, but they were gone, and their tables were cleared.

“I could refill your drink, if you like,” said Helly. “And I wouldn't mind getting some stuff for you at the buffet.”

The young man turned his head cautiously to look at her. “You’re talking to me?”

“No, I’m talking to the chair behind you,” Helly said dryly, biting into a crunchy spring roll from the buffet. “The offer’s open if you want anything.”

“Maybe if you get up for a drink refill,” the young man admitted, his blush deepening. “If that’s okay.” His stomach growled loudly.

Helly nodded. “Want a spring roll?” Helly leaned over, holding out another spring roll in a napkin. Her arm was just long enough for the young man to easily reach it with his uninjured right hand.

“Thanks,” he said, taking it from Helly. He took the first bite as both of them turned back to watch the television: the sleuth onscreen was talking to someone in an office. The commercial break started soon after, and Helly started on some thin curry noodles.

“Hey um…” the young man gulped. Helly looked over, bent over her noodles with a huge mouthful. She bit them off and chewed, noting that the spring roll was gone.

“It’s Helly,” Helly tried to say.

“…Shelly?” asked the young man.

Helly swallowed, took a drink of her soda, and corrected. “It’s Helly. Short for Helianthus.”

“Oh. Helly,” the young man said. “I’m Bellis. It’s…not short for anything.”

“Nice to meet you, Bellis,” said Helly. “Were you about to ask for another spring roll?”

Bellis’s face reddened further. “Yes. Would that be alright? I see you only have one left.”

Helly gave Bellis a smile and shifted her tray before leaning over and handing him the spring roll. “Here. I’ll get more when I get up to refill my drink.”

Bellis took the spring roll that his new friend offered. “Thank you,” he said, and scarfed it down.

“Would you like anything else?” Helly asked. She must've seen how embarrassed Bellis was and added, “It’s no trouble, and the cafeteria here is free.”

Helly gave Bellis one of her plates. On it was a few more fried foods and some desserts. She also got up and refilled both of their drinks. Bellis found when he took his first drink of soda that Helly had gotten a flavor he didn't like, but didn't say anything. He made a face and tried to school his expression, but Helly noticed before he did.

“Did I get the wrong kind of soda?” Helly asked, concerned.

Bellis took another drink, willing his face not to scrunch up. His face scrunched up. “No.”

“I could dump that out and get you another soda,” offered Helly.

In response, Bellis took a long drink, leaving only the ice in the bottom. It filled his stomach and put pressure on his bladder, causing him to leak and reminding him that if he didn’t find a bathroom soon, he’d burst. The leak had only been a couple drops, and Bellis clenched to stop it, still grimacing from the taste of the soda. “It would be a waste,” Bellis grunted. “Thank you for getting it for me.”

The nearest bathroom was near the front doors to the lodge, in a hallway off the entry area. Bellis heaved himself to his feet. “I’ll be right back,” he said, clenching again. It was harder to hold it standing up. Once he felt steady, he hobbled as quickly and carefully as he could.

Helly watched Bellis leave with a sinking feeling in her stomach that made her unpleasantly aware she hadn’t used a bathroom since the day before. She set aside needing to relieve her bladder and picked up Bellis’s cup. “Darn it,” she said quietly to herself, rattling the ice in the bottom. She thought she’d made a new friend, and within ten minutes she’d chased him away by getting him the wrong flavor of soda. Helly had an idea: she hurried over to the soda fountain. She threw away Bellis’s old cup and got another one, adding some ice. There were over a dozen flavors, and she didn't know which to get. Bellis still hadn’t gone far, and she hurried after him, cup in hand, to ask what flavor he wanted. She watched his black wings round the corner into the front hallway and as she followed him she noticed how ruffled his feathers were. He’d had his wings tucked behind the chair, and she hadn’t really looked at them.

“Bellis!” Helly called, coming around the corner. Bellis had stopped next to one of the windows, about fifteen meters from the bathrooms. The rain outside had increased since they’d come inside and pounded on the window, so Helly had to raise her voice.

Bellis was shaking. There was a wet patch in the front of his kilt, and he’d begun dripping and squirting with each step. The last time he’d peed had been just after returning from the hospital almost forty-eight hours ago, sitting on the toilet. He’d had a free hand then, he thought miserably. He was going to have to-

“Bellis! Wait up!”

“No,” Bellis breathed. He could feel his body letting go. He tried to clench but it only made him start dripping again.

“I’m really, really sorry Bellis-“ Helly began, reaching him. She stepped back when she saw his face, then looked down, wide-eyed.

“Oh,” said Helly. Bellis expected her to leave, but she didn’t. “Here,” she said, holding out the cup. She lowered it when she noticed that his right hand was on the wrist crutch, holding him up, and his left was nearly immobile. She looked around as though she might call for help and Bellis closed his eyes, resigned to being the guy who pissed himself in the lodge.

“Do you mind if I uh…” Helly squatted down holding the cup of ice down in front of him and catching the drips before they could add to the small puddle in the carpet. “Lift your uh…” Bellis nodded, not knowing what to expect. Helly lifted the kilt slightly and glanced under, blushing, to place the cup. Bellis’s dick was more swollen than usual, but only about three centimeters long, pointing straight out. Helly raised the cup, using the rim of the cup to aim his penis down into it. The contact made Bellis jump, and he felt the cold radiating from the ice.

“Just-“ Helly stopped when Bellis glanced down at her and both of them turned. “Let some out now. I’ll help you get to the bathroom after,” Helly said, pushing through the embarrassment. Bellis nodded and stopped fighting to hold it. A hot gush displaced the ice, and he kept it going with some effort. A low moan escaped his throat, and he felt the cup move against his swelling cock: he was pissing into a cup held by a very pretty young woman, and the realization made him start throbbing. 

Normally – if this sort of thing *was* normal, Bellis thought – this would be the most embarrassing thing that had ever happened to him, but it wasn’t so bad, Bellis mused. He listened to the noise changing as the cup filled and he was afraid it might overflow, but soon found he was too hard to finish. When he’d stopped for a few seconds, Helly withdrew the cup and stood up, not seeming to notice the small, pulsating protrusion in the front of Bellis’s kilt. The cup was more than three quarters full, the ice mostly melted in the bright yellow liquid. Bellis’s bladder was still uncomfortably full, but it was much easier to hold now.

“Alright,” Helly said briskly. “I’ll run to the bathroom and dump this. Sit tight.” She rushed off, her pretty yellow wings flashing, and disappeared into the bathroom and emerged seconds later without the cup to usher Bellis into the men’s bathroom. When she approached Bellis, he finally realized how tall she was: Helly was almost a head taller than he was, thin and willowy. Bellis’s heart fluttered as they passed the doorway into the bathroom.

Helly thought Bellis might go to a toilet where he could sit, but he steered to a urinal and leaned on the edge so he could set down his crutch and free his hand.

“Should I raise your kilt?” Helly asked.

“Please,” said Bellis in a small voice. Helly didn’t think anything of touching the wet spots on the kilt, and noted while Bellis aimed with his hand and let out a hesitant trickle that his urine smelled vaguely medicinal, almost like saline. She felt him relax and looked over his wings again.

“What happened to your wings?” Helly asked, and Bellis flinched.

“I was…” Bellis glanced over his shoulder. “I hit a tree on the flight loop two days ago. They pulled all the sticks and twigs out of my feathers at the hospital, but I haven’t had the time or energy to preen.”

“Ohh, is that what happened to your leg?” asked Helly.

Bellis grunted, spraying into the urinal before he stopped. “And my wrist, yeah. It was my fault. I was showing off.”

“Where’s your family?” asked Helly.

“They’re about halfway through the loop,” said Bellis. He shook off. “My dad offered to stay, but I’m okay by myself at the cabin.”

“I see,” said Helly. “Did you come to the lodge to eat?”

“Eventually, yeah,” said Bellis. “But right now it's because the TV is out in my cabin and I'm bored.”

Helly thought they might have to try to dry the kilt after Bellis was done at the urinal, but it looked dry when he turned away from the sink.

“They gave me a few of these kilts at the hospital,” Bellis explained, hopping along next to Helly on their way back to their chairs. When they returned to their spots, Helly got Bellis food and drinks that he'd asked for, and a bit more for herself. The two ate, finished the miniseries on the television, and talked about their favorite “Love In The” books until it started getting dark outside.

“I walked to the lodge,” said Helly, helping Bellis up onto the tram seat. She climbed up after him, carrying their refilled fountain drinks, and the tram started moving again. The rain had stopped, and they splashed through puddles. “My cabin is a ways back from the tram stop, so I just took the alleyways. It’s a bit of a walk, but it’s a straight shot to the lodge.”

“This is my stop,” Helly informed Bellis a few minutes later. She didn’t make any effort to leave the tram, and it started moving again, continuing the loop.

“You’re not getting off?” Bellis asked slowly.

Helly laughed. “I’ve still got your drink. Did you think I was going to get off and take it with me?”

Bellis felt himself blushing, and wondered how visible it was in the yellowed lights of the tram car. “So you’re going back with me?”

“I wanted to walk you back to your door, at least,” said Helly. “Why?”

“If you have time, could you help me wrap my cast? So I can have a shower,” Bellis added quickly in response to the questioning look Helly gave him.

“Oh, sure,” said Helly.

They hopped off the tram at Bellis’s stop a few minutes later, talking about what they’d be doing later.

“I’m going to do some geometry homework, then watch a movie with some snacks or something,” Helly said, walking slowly to keep pace with Bellis.

“Have you got any books or anything?” Bellis asked, remembering that his TV was out.

Helly shrugged. “My geometry textbook?”

“I’ll pass on that, but thanks,” Bellis laughed. He needed to pee, but he’d be inside soon enough, he told himself. He’d brought his pain pills to the lodge with him and hadn’t fully emptied his bladder before, so he was almost desperate again.

“You could stay at my cabin,” said Helly. “There are three or four unused beds in the different bunk rooms, and the television works.”

“If that’s okay, I’d like that,” said Bellis. “It’s been spooky waking up alone in a big cabin.”

“Alright! We can grab what you need for the night and ride back to my cabin.” Helly smiled and Bellis’s heart skipped a beat.

At the front door to the cabin, Bellis gave Helly the key and she followed him inside. Helly packed some clothes into Bellis’s backpack, his toothbrush, and they almost forgot the waterproof dressing covers Bellis had gotten from the hospital. They almost missed the tram going back, and it wasn’t until they were passing the lodge again that Bellis remembered that he had to use the bathroom. He’d also forgotten one of his essential belongings.

“Hyachna’s shins,” Bellis hissed to himself, patting his pockets.

“What is it?” Helly asked, sipping her drink.

Bellis groaned, “I left my phone in the cabin.”

“I can go get it while you’re in the shower,” said Helly. “I’ll go right after we wrap up your casts.”

“Thanks,” Bellis sighed, relieved. He hadn’t brought his phone to the lodge either. “I should call my dad before it gets too late.”

The walk to Helly’s cabin looked even longer and more daunting than it had previously, and Bellis jostled his bladder when he lowered himself from the tram car and slipped. Helly caught him, and the driver shouted back asking if he was okay.

“I'm good, thanks,” Bellis panted. Helly shouldered the backpack and finished her drink, throwing it away in the garbage can at the tram stop.

The path to Helly’s cabin was well lit, with wide alleys branching off to the sides. It was only about thirty meters, but less than halfway, Bellis felt himself beginning to leak again.

“Just a sec, Helly,” Bellis grunted, turning down the nearest alley.

“Where are you going?” gasped Helly, following him. The cabin whose back porch Bellis stopped next to was dark, but its porch light was on.

“I can't hold it.” Bellis stood with his legs apart and heard Helly setting his drink and backpack on the raised deck next to them.

“I'll get your kilt,” said Helly quietly from behind Bellis. She lifted it and he immediately overflowed, splashing loudly into a rain puddle. Bellis heard a moan and blushed at first, thinking out was him.

“Bellis, don't move,” said Helly. She kept his kilt tight at his waist, but he could feel her shifting. He was about to ask what she was doing when a hard stream shot forward between his spread feet.

“Ahhgh,” Helly panted. Some of the warm liquid hit Bellis’s ankles and he realized what it was. His heart, stomach, and cock all leapt. “I forgot I was holding it,” she sighed. As Bellis’s flow slowed, mostly due to Helly, Helly’s only sped up, and she moaned, “Hyachna’s tibias, that feels good.” Bellis looked down, and saw that he was getting hard. His erection at full size was a bit shorter than his pinky finger, but it was hot and pounding, watching the veritable torrent underneath him.

“When was the last time you used three bathroom?” asked Bellis while Helly dropped his kilt. He got the last drops of piss on it, but he didn't mind. He was about to change clothes anyway.

“Yesterday at…six in the evening?” Helly sighed again. “I've been mindlessly drinking tea all day. Whew.” The pressure lessened on the torrent and became a fast arch, hitting the ground instead of the side of the cabin. “I must have had the entire pot to myself. I was walking to the bathroom earlier when I broke my protractor, and I forgot I needed to go.”

Bellis watched the stream slowly lessen, throbbing more and more against his kilt. He could touch himself in the shower, he promised himself.

When Helly finally finished, it took her seconds to stand up, pull her underwear back into place, drop her skirt, and grab Bellis’s backpack and drink. After that, they reached the cabin quickly, and within minutes, they'd set up the shower stool and Helly was helping him wrap up his cast and wrist brace. She helped him take off his shirt before she left to get his phone, turned on the shower, and shut the door so he could take off his kilt and start washing himself.

When Helly was gone, Bellis pulled off his kilt and dropped it in the dirty clothes bag he'd brought with him. His erection from watching Helly pee in the alley hadn’t gone away, and this would be the best time to take care of it. He didn't notice the phone ringing in the other room as he clumsily began fondling himself with his right hand.

Bellis sat back, closed his eyes, and imagined what Helly would've looked like, skirt raised and squatting, pulling her underwear aside just in time. He recalled her sighs and moans and began twitching with each stroke of his-

The door opened.

“Bellis, your-“ Helly cut off. Bellis opened his eyes, froze, and felt his entire face heat up. Belly flushed brightly, looking up from where his hand was and making eye contact with him. “Oh. Sorry.” She backed up and closed the bathroom door. “He's already in the shower,” Bellis heard through the door. “Yeah. I'll have him call you back afterward…Yeah. Yes. I will. You're welcome. Alright. Bye!”

Bellis’s dick was harder than ever, but at least the door was closed. He took a breath to call out an apology. Helly beat him to it.

“Sorry about that, Bellis! I'm going to get your phone now!”

“Thank you!” Bellis called, unsure of what else to say. Part of him was mortified, but the rest of him was more turned on than he’d been in months. He waited with some difficulty for the sound of Helly shutting the front door to start touching himself again. His imagination picked up right where it had left off.

In Bellis’s imagination, Helly finished peeing and stood up. Next, his brain furnished him with the image of Helly’s face when she’d opened the bathroom door. Bellis felt himself coming and aimed upward, spattering his face, chest, and belly in two large bursts, followed by some smaller ones. When the orgasm subsided, he was breathless and shaky, and leaned against the wall in the steamy bathroom to rest. The urge to pee slowly welled up, and he lazily aimed at the shower drain, letting a long arc out across the colorful tiles. It lasted what felt like five solid minutes before he finished, feeling refreshed and ready for his shower.

Helly walked to Bellis’s cabin. It was faster than taking the tram, and she cut through the various alleyways. She found his phone and retrieved both the phone and its charger and took her time on the way back, agonizing about what she’d say to Bellis. She couldn't believe she’d just barged in on him without knocking like that.

Helly decided to grab dinner at the lodge before heading back. The lodge was busier than it had been earlier, and she got them each a meal.

“I shouldn't be this flustered. I've tried speed dating at Spoons!” Helly hissed under her breath while she walked back. She carried their food and drinks in a bag and drink carriers on her arms.

Helly entered the cabin, ready for Bellis to tell her off, be angry, or-

The bathroom door opened as she put the food down on the living room table. Bellis hopped out in fresh clothes, and he looked…

“Hi, Helly,” said Bellis bashfully. “I'm really sorry. I should’ve waited ”

Helly paled. “No, I'm sorry. I should've knocked.” The two made awkward eye contact. “I got dinner for us. Want to watch a movie after you call your dad?”

Bellis’s phone was fully charged and ready to use. Helly gathered up her scattered homework into a neat stack and set it aside before dividing up the containers of food. She didn’t listen in on the phone call, but she couldn’t not hear Bellis’s responses.

“Yeah...Yes, Dad. I’m staying hydrated. I’m sorry I made you worry….they did?...Oh, well thank Hyachna for nosy desk clerks. Yes, I did. We watched Love In The Ski Lodge and she got me some food.”

Helly blushed: Bellis was talking to his father about her.

“Her name’s Helly,” Bellis said into the phone, giving Helly a sheepish look. “She brought back dinner and we’re about to eat, Dad, I’ll call you back in the morning.”

Bellis’s dad was mostly a murmur on the receiver, but Helly heard the next words clearly: “Well, if you two decide to have sex,” Bellis’s dad said seriously. Helly and Belis exchanged a glance and blushed. “The lodge has protection for free. You just have to ask the front desk.” If Bellis had had a free hand, he would’ve facepalmed.

“Dad, I need to take my painkillers. Good night, love you.”

“Good night, Bellis. Love you too, and tell Helly I said thanks.”

Bellis took a deep, steadying breath. “I will,” he sighed, and hung up. He turned to Helly. “You might’ve heard, but my dad says thanks. And thanks for not kicking me out after I um…you know,” Bellis said sheepishly.

“No, it was my fault,” Helly said again. “I got the call from the lodge on my way out the door. They told me your dad was freaking out, and I wasn’t thinking. Were you able to…erm…finish?”

Bellis nodded, shamefaced.

“Good. I’ll knock next time, I promise. Now let’s eat – I’m starving after the walk back.”

Helly got Bellis a tray table and he started eating while Helly flipped to the movie menu and picked one with Bellis’ input. She did more of her homework after eating and chatted with Bellis with another movie in the background, and finished what she could do without her protractor before ten. The two stayed up past midnight, with Bellis moving his bed and sleeping in the same room as Helly, their bunks perpendicular to each other. Helly wanted to stay up a bit and chat, but Bellis was out as soon as he lay down, exhausted from a long day. Helly stretched out on her bunk and let herself drift off while the rain outside drummed on the roof.

