(COD) the best of us

Author: dollerova

*000*2026-04-04 19:01

Oh my God, I have to piss so fucking bad.

That was the only thought in Gaz's mind as he stood beside the training mats in the gym, waiting his turn to be the one sparring with somebody. He forgot to go before it started and he was cursing himself for it.

He could feel his bladder in his abdomen like a stone. It felt like it was pulling downwards, like he was about to piss himself at any minute. He shifted his hips back and forth, thighs pressed together. He supposed he could get away with it being normal fidgeting, maybe impatience.

He didn't know how much longer he could stand here and wait. His stomach was cramping, his bladder an ache that persisted to empty itself.

He somehow kept his composure as a pang hit his bladder. He inhaled sharply but stayed standing. Oh God, I have to piss, oh God, I can't hold it, I can't-

"Gaz, you're up." Price spoke. Gaz startled, which made his bladder cramp, but he just chuckled nervously.

"Yes, Captain." He spoke and stepped up to the mat. He was greeted with Soap, his opponent. They were pretty equal in height and strength, but Soap was bulky, which he used to his advantage often.

He grunted and raised his fists. He could feel his knees wobble and he knew his form was messy.

"Set… go." Price stated and Soap immediately lunged for Gaz. He managed to dodge, but the quick movement made his bladder spasm. He winced, inhaling sharply, clenching as hard as he could. It didn't stop the small leak from escaping, but at least it didn't leak through to his pants, he supposed.

He was caught off guard, too focused on controlling himself notice Soap grabbing for him again. He tried to move out of the way, arms out to retaliate, but Soap was faster, grabbing his arms and trying to push him to the ground.

Gaz let out a loud grunt as his bladder protested at the motion, but he tried to push back. Soap managed to get Gaz's arms down and land a punch on Gaz's stomach.

He gasped immediately and fell backwards, landing on his bottom. He felt his stomach spasm and muscles give out from the punch. He tried to clench, tried to stop it, but he continued to piss. He could hear the faint hiss as a puddle started to grow around him.

Soap gasped and scrambled backwards, eyes wide. Gaz's face was hot with shame and relief. Shame that he pissed himself in front of his Captain, in front of everyone. Relief that the pain in his bladder was gone.

He could hear a few of the younger soldiers snickering. His face grew hotter and he covered it with his hands. This was humiliating. Price should just kick him out now. There's no way he could keep working here like this. He needed a transfer.

Price was going to be pissed and he knew it. He wet himself like a child, in front of everyone. Price had to be ashamed of him.

"Everyone dismissed!" Price snapped. Everyone knew better than to disobey. This was it. Price was pissed, and Gaz could hear it in his voice. He sniffled quietly as he heard people file out, mumbling quietly as they did.

When everyone was gone, Price kneeled in front of Gaz.

"You okay, son?" He asked gently.

Gaz sniffled again. Price didn't… sound made. Maybe not yet. But he knew he eventually would be.

"I'm okay, sir. I'm sorry. I couldn't… I couldn't hold it." He whispered, shame filling his voice.

Price shook his head. "It's okay. It happens to the best of us. Why don't we get you up and you can go get cleaned up?" He asked, holding his hand out to Gaz.

Gaz looked up at him with watery eyes. "Um… yeah." He nodded and took Price's hand, standing up on shaky knees.

He watched as the Captain took off his jacket and held it out to him.

"Are you sure?" Gaz asked. He would ruin it. There's no way Price would be okay with this.

"I'm sure. It's just a jacket. I can wash it. Wrap it around your waist." He shook it a little. Gaz hesitantly took it and tied it around his waist. It didn't hide much, in his jeans, but to was better than nothing.

Price bid him farewell with a pat on the shoulder and on the walk to his room, his heart felt a bit lighter.

