Turning the Heat Up at the Cafe

Author: TheLoneRanger

*000*2026-03-14 21:48

So I challenged everyone to come up with a short fictional omo story at a cafe.

I was sat at a corner table in the small cafe, in the centre of Leeds. I was waiting on my order a large black coffee, with a slice of Mille-feuille, a type of custard slice the cafe was famous for.

It’s a slow Thursday, in Autumn, there was an older couple sat at a table with a large pot of tea between them, and the remnants of scones with cream and jam on the table, they were just sat chatting together completely oblivious to anything else.

The waitress brings over my order and politely sets it down, she’s dressed in the shops uniform that looks to be somewhere out of the 1920’s. Black skirt and blouse, crisp white apron and the little white lace cap.

Her attention then went to the older couple who have finished their tea, they paid their bill and started to leave.

As they leave a man rushed in, I could tell the waitress knew the man.

He was dressed as a classic Metro sexual, well groomed, smart shoes, brown jeans cut trousers, with a dark blue shirt.

“Can I use your bathroom?” he asked in a weedy shaky voice.

“Not without purchasing something” the waitress snapped.

“Oh please I’m desperate” he wined.

“Then you can stay desperate” the waitress retorted then whispered “unless you can’t! Unless your a little boy who can’t hold his pee pee”

At this point, I realise they had forgotten I was sat there, I kept quiet and enjoyed the show, it was obvious that this was a game they had played before.

He ordered a large latte and a sparkling water.

As the waitress made his coffee, I could see the tension build in the man.

She steamed the milk with the wand but before that she made a show of cleaning the steam wand thoroughly with a cloth, running the cloth up and down the wand. It was one of the most sensual acts of housework I have ever seen. I could see sweat breaking out on the back of the man’s neck.

She finally finished the coffee and as she clipped the lid on, the paper cup tipped and poured coffee all down the counter.

It was too much for the man who made a dash for the toilet.

The waitress came round the counter and wiped the mess up then made another latte.

It was a good five minutes before the man left the bathroom, he had to pass my table to get back to the counter and there was a faint wet spot on the front of his trousers.

The waitress laughed and handed the man his drinks. “see you tonight” she called as he walked out.

I finished my coffee paid and went out. I’ve been back a few times since, but as I have never ordered a latte, I’ve never again seen such a thorough cleaning of a steam wand!

As I said this is complete fiction.

The overall cafe would have been Patisserie Valerie in Leeds before it went bust. For the plot I reversed the roles in the song Tom’s Diner by Suzanne Vega. This 500 word short story took about 3 hours to write.

