The ad

Author: MikeB

*000*2026-03-23 21:57

Peter placed following ad in a sex magazine.

” I am a young, handsome, generous man who is seeking a young, slim girl ( over 18 years old) who will hold her wee for me.”

” I am looking for a girl who will let me ban her from peeing.”

”I’ll tell you when you allowed to go and I’ll tell you how long you have to hold it!!”

If you’re interested, please contact me.

“I am waiting for lots of responses from girls with a strong, resilient bladder.”

There were a few responses, but Peter found one of them particularly interesting.

It said:

“I am a very slim 19 years old girl . My bladder is very strong and well trained.

Furthermore i love it needing to wee but being not allowed to go.

That was exactly what Peter was looking for. Just reading the first few lines was enough to get him hard.

She continued : “ I have a rich friend, she is a little older than me. She lives with her parents in a very large house with a big garden, a pool and with everything else what rich people have.

The first time i visited her, i asked her later in the evening for to use her loo.

She asked me if i couldn’t wait. I was kind surprised by that question and even though i really had to go, i didn’t.

I’ve always had the habit of waiting a long time before asking for a loo and only did so when it was already urgent.

Even though it became very urgent that evening, i was too proud to ask again.

Late at evening, i went home with a painfully full bladder.

The next day, she asked sarcastically if my panties were still dry when i got home and then she said she admired me for having such a strong bladder and for my ability to hold it back for so long.

When we were together after that evening, whenever i wanted to the loo, she tried to prevent me and she told me to wait.

”You don’t have to go, you can hold it in. I have to go too, but i don’t. She said.

Not even when i waited a long time and then tried again, did she let me go.

“ Suppress it, you are a big girl, it’s not necessary to wee often .”she said.

Even though we’d been together for a long time, i tried to avoid going to the loo.

More and more, i held back even when it already hurt.

And more and more began to develop a sexual relationship between us. We kissed and caressed each other on body parts where it felt especially good.

And it became increasingly clear that she took great pleasure in not letting me go to the loo when i really had to go.

She generally loves it when girls urgently have to go and watching them suffer from their urge.

Even though they had a big pool at home, we went at one summer day to a public swimming pool.

She invited three girls and offered them money if they don’t go to the loo all day.

The girls were willing to hold their wee from early morning until evening, because they could make a lot of money that way. They had nothing else to do but not to pee.

We were lying on a blanket in a quiet, somewhat secluded spot.

All three girls were pretty. They were wearing very small, skimpy bikinis and were a pleasure to look at.

They weren’t allowed to go to the pool so they couldn’t cheat.Their little bikini bottoms had to stay dry, both on the outside and especially on the inside.

At lunchtime my girlfriend invited us for a meal and even more for drinks. By early afternoon, it was already clear and visible that the girls had to pee, but instead of being allowed to go, they had to drink.

We went to the cafe, where all three of them were given large coke’s which they had to drink.

Somehow, it was really exciting for me to know and to see that the three of them really had to go, but weren’t allowed to and that on top of that they had to keep drinking even though their bladders were already full.

Of course, i had to go too, but i hadn’t drunk as much as they did and i was already used holding my wee back.

By late afternoon, they really had to go. They squeezed their thighs tightly together and occasionally they crossed their legs.

They complained about how badly they had to go. They whined about their distress and my friend and me enjoyed watching and hear them suffer.

”I think you should have another drink!” Said my sadistic girlfriend.

”Oh no, please nothing more to drink, i can’t drink anything, my bladder is about to burst!” Said one of the girls and massaged her swollen belly where her bladder was visible bulging out.

You could also see the outlines of the other girls bladders in their bellies. Their “pissballs” were bulging out visibly over the waistband of their little bikini panties.

We pulled down the elastic band of their bikini bottoms to where their slits began.

Those urinballs in their bellies were so arousing to look at.

I would have loved to squeeze them to torture them even more, but i couldn’t do that, because they had to keep their panties dry.

My bladder was already visible as well and i had to wee pretty bad too, but I did already like that feeling of needing to pee and the feeling of a very full bladder.

”It hurts so much!! May i piss please?” Asked one girl.

”Sure you may, but if you pee, you will not get the money.” answered my friend.

” We are suffering for so long, that should not be for nothing. We HAVE to stand it until the end, it will be only one more hour.” Said the third girl, slipped her hand in her panty and pressed one finger against her peehole.

At the closing time, the girls wanted their money and they wanted to use the toilet before leaving, but my friend told them that they get their money outside and that they weren’t allowed to go before leaving.

The girls were horrified, they couldn’t even walk properly from needing to wee so badly, but they left the premises anyway.

They had only taken a few steps outside when one of them peed in her panties.

Her wee was endless running down on her naked legs. When she was ready was a large lake of hot girl wee between her feet.

” Oh my God, it’s amazing what we are doing for money, or rather not doing. It’s not normal to drink that much and not to pee for so long. I’ve never had to go this badly in my whole life than i did just before.”She said and pulled her soaked panties down over her pee wet legs.

She used the dry parts of her panties to wipe her legs dry, then she tossed the wet panties into a trash can and walked on, completely naked under her short skirt.

My friend gave her extra money for new panties and the girl was glad about it.

Me too, my bladder was never so full and so much hurting than now.”said the second girl and went with one hand under her skirt between two parking cars.

She lifted her skirt, pulled her panties down under her knees and started to pee full force with high pressure and loud a hissing sound. She exploded before she was able to squat down.

The third girl, it was the girl who said” when we want the money, we have to endure it, no matter how bad it will get.”

She went with her upper body bent and with her knees rubbing to the bus stop.

We didn’t know if she arrived at home with her panties still dry.

My friend took me home with her and we watched sex videos and videos were girls were denied to pee. We talked also about the exciting day with the girls and sure i was not allowed to use her bathroom, but sure it was allowed for her to torture my bladder and she did it!

When i arrived at my home, late at the evening, i was full to explode.

It was really bad, but not as bad as i slept the first night at her home, together with her in her bed!!

I’ll tell you more about that in my next letter, but what i can tell you right now is that i am really, really good at holding my pee and i am sure that you will have a lot of fun and pleasure with me.” wrote the girl.

*001*2026-03-31 22:35

For Peter it was so arousing and turning on to read this writing.

It was like a dream come true, he couldn’t believe that a girl like her actually existed somewhere.

The girl, Monika was her name, was eager to meet this man.

For some reason, which however has nothing to do with reality, she believed that there are many girls like her.

Girls who loved to be tormented, especially who loves having their bladders tortured and tormented and gets banned from peeing.

She thought she had to be faster than everyone else if she wanted to meet him, so she wrote another letter the very next day even though she hadn’t received a reply to the first letter.

She really wanted this meeting with that man, she had to promote herself and to list her skills and abilities.

From the way she wrote, she wasn’t the brightest, but she didn’t need to be. She just had to have a strong bladder and be willing to endure suffering, though Peter.

She had practically offered herself, so she began to write.

” Dear sir, please excuse me for writing to you again, but your ad is so interesting and exciting to me that i simply have to do it.

It’s 1 pm and i need to wee urgently. I haven’t been to the toilet since last evening.

I wanted to write this letter for you with my bladder very, very full.

I really need to wee badly, but i don’t go, I’ll holding my urine for you sir!!

I hope you like that!? I let my bladder suffer for you. I’m not going until I’m done writing the letter.

Yesterday i told you about my first night at my girlfriends house.

At that day, it was Saturday, we met at about 1 pm. I have been at the loo before leaving my home, because i knew that I wouldn’t get a chance to go again for soon.

I had a chance, but i didn’t use it. I have been a good girl for my girlfriend, i didn’t wee.

We have been at a shopping mall in the afternoon, we had a fast dinner in the city and then we went home to her house, straight into her room.

It was about 8 pm at that time. I haven’t been to the loo already for 9 hours.

We were laying on her bed and she began slowly to undress me.She kissed me and caressed me on every parts of my slim body. She stopped at my lower abdomen and pressed with her hand deep inside, exactly on my already full bladder. I crossed my legs and moaned loud, but i let her do it.

I think, i had no choice but let her do it, but it felt good for me too that she tortured my bladder so bad.

”You are pretty full down there! Does my little girl need a wee? she asked sadistic.

”Oh yes, your little girl would need to do a wee, but your little girl is a good girl, she doesn’t go, she is holding it for you.” I replied.

Sir, now i have to hurry up to finish this letter, because i really , really have to wee, i can’t hardly stand it anymore.

I am alone at home and i am naked except my little white panties. My bladder is visible in my belly and bulging out very much of my slim abdomen.

I am sitting on a wooden chair behind of my father’s writing desk.

I write with one hand and press the other hand hard against my slit.

If you like girls who really have to go, then you’d enjoy seeing me like this.

Back to that evening with my girlfriend.

She had undressed in the meantime as well, so we were both lying in the bed completely naked.

She played a video of a girl who desperately needed to pee but wasn’t allowed to. The girl in the video was just like me, i really needed to go too, but i didn’t even ask if i could, because i knew full well she wouldn’t let me.

On the contrary, when the girl in the video whined and begged to finally be allowed to go, she got even hornier and i had to pay the price, because she then squeezed and kneaded my full bladder even harder so she could hear me whine too.

I knew i had to put up with her tormenting me and i knew that i had to hold it back until I got home, because as usual, she wouldn’t even let me go to her loo before I left.

When the video was over, it was already late evening, I told her that i would leave, but then she said……….

