Dutch story of blackmail

Author: holding84

*000*2026-03-04 22:44

Lisa sat in the back row of the auditorium, legs tightly crossed, pen tapping nervously against her notebook. It was already the third lecture of the afternoon — a boring two-hour statistics block — and she had felt a growing pressure in her lower abdomen since the lunch break. She had deliberately not drunk too much during the break, but those two bottles of water from this morning plus the coffee seemed like a bad combination now.

Sitting next to her was Floor. Floor with her perfect Instagram feed, her ever-present smile and — what Lisa had only recently discovered — a very nasty little secret she knew about Lisa.

During a group assignment last month, Lisa had accidentally sent a private photo to the group chat instead of to her best friend. No nudity or anything, but a photo in which she was clearly drunk, half-undressed at a party, accompanied by a caption she had never dared to say out loud: “I secretly find it kind of hot when I can barely hold it in anymore and still have to wait.” Floor had taken a screenshot before Lisa could delete it. And since then, she had used that as a trump card.

Today, Floor was in an especially bad mood.

Halfway through the lecture, she leaned over to Lisa and whispered:

“You’re fidgeting. Do you really need to go?”

Lisa blushed and stared straight ahead. “Stop it.”

Floor tapped on her phone and held the screen just so that only Lisa could see it: the photo in question, with a big arrow pointing to the trash can icon. “I’ll send it to the year group right away if you get up now and go to the toilet. Or you hold it in until the end of this block. Then I’ll delete it for good. Deal?”

Lisa’s heart skipped a beat. The block lasted at least another forty minutes. She was already on the edge.

“Floor, please…”

“Forty minutes. That’s all. Think of your reputation, sweetie.” Floor smiled sweetly, as if they were talking about the weather.

Lisa squeezed her thighs tighter. She tried to concentrate on the formulas on the board, but every letter seemed to dance. Her bladder felt like a water balloon that could burst at any moment. She fidgeted gently in her chair, squeezed her buttocks together, and breathed in small hiccups.

After twenty minutes, it became unbearable. She felt small waves of heat coming down, as if her body was testing whether the dam was still holding. She leaned forward, elbows on the table, hands pressed between her legs under the surface — hopefully inconspicuously.

Floor looked to the side and chuckled softly. “You’re really red. Are you okay?”

Lisa bit her lip until she tasted blood. “I hate you.”

“You hate that you secretly find it exciting,” Floor whispered back. “Otherwise you would have gotten up long ago, photo or no photo.”

Lisa said nothing more. She couldn't speak anymore. Every movement sent a new stab through her lower abdomen. She felt a first, treacherous drop escape — warm, brief, but unmistakable. She squeezed everything she had shut, but the damage was already done: a small, warm spot began to spread inside her panties.

Fifteen more minutes.

She began to sway involuntarily and gently, back and forth, as if that would help. Her breathing became shallow. Sweat beaded on her forehead. The boy two rows in front of her glanced over, frowned, and looked away again.

Floor leaned closer again. “You’re leaking already, aren’t you? I can see it on your face. Just hold on a little longer…”

Lisa closed her eyes. She felt the next wave coming — stronger this time. She pushed, pushed, pushed… but it was too late. A warm stream shot into her jeans. Not a drop, but a real jet. She gasped for breath, tried to hold it back, but her muscles gave up. It became a continuous flow, hot and unstoppable. She heard the soft, hissing sound — barely audible, but to her it sounded like a waterfall.

Her jeans turned dark from her crotch downwards, along the inside of her thighs. It ran through to the seam of her chair. Heat spread over her buttocks, even dripping onto the floor.

Lisa sat there, stiff as a board, tears stinging her eyes, while the pee just kept going. Thirty seconds, forty seconds… until finally nothing more came out.

Floor looked down, saw the puddle under the chair, and smiled slowly.

“Wow. You really gave it your all.”

Lisa said nothing. She just stared at her notebook, where a tear fell and the ink ran.

Floor tapped on her phone. Lisa heard the sound of a deleted photo.

“See? A deal is a deal.” Floor stood up when the lecturer concluded the lecture. She leaned forward one last time and whispered:

“Next time I might ask something different. Have fun cleaning up.”

Lisa remained seated until almost everyone had left.

Only when the room emptied did she slowly stand up. Her pants stuck cold and heavy against her skin. A dark, wet spot the size of a football spread across the front and the seat. There was a small puddle on the floor.

She grabbed her bag, walked out of the room half-stumbling, tears streaming down her cheeks, knowing that Floor was standing somewhere in the hallway watching.

And deep inside — very deep, something she never dared to talk about out loud — she felt a small, treacherous tingle that said: maybe, somewhere, she secretly found it a little bit hot too.

But she would never admit that.

Never.

