Sarah's Situation

Author: MyOwnReality

*000*2026-03-03 17:28

Been on the site for ages. Haven't really contributed much. Figured I'd give it a shot. Here's what I've got so far.

Sarah's Situation

Chapter 1: Last Call

A hot and sticky Georgia Friday night. The neon “Open” sign in the window of this shoebox dive in Atlanta flickering. Jeff shoved the door open at half past one a.m., just looking for a quick piss and a cold beer after another soul-sucking day of finance meetings. As he walks past the old run down bar, barstools empty, he spots the sign on the bathroom door. “BATHROOM OUT OF ORDER”. “Figures” He rolls his eyes..He was already turning to leave when the bartender called out, voice all warm and Cali-smooth, no southern twang at all. “Behind the dumpster’s your friend. The camera can’t see back there.”

He blinked. Kinda weird she noticed, but hell, he took the tip. Pissed behind the dumpster, came back in. Place had cleared out to just a few stragglers at the tables. He grabbed an open stool at the long beaten up bar.

And there she was.

Sarah. Early twenties, still rocking that San Diego tan even after two years here. Long messy brown hair, tank top doing its best against a rack that made the thin white fabric look illegal, skin-tight light-wash jeans glued to an ass that didn’t quit. She kept shifting behind the counter, thighs clamped tight, hips rolling every time she reached for a glass.

She had to piss. Bad. No staff bathroom, plumbing went down around 8 p.m due to some old drunk shoving paper towels down the toilet for god knows what reason.Only making her desperation worse. Every little squirm was killing her but also turning her on. Those damn jeans… the seam was riding right against her clit. Every shift, every squirm rode them higher and higher, rubbing more and more.

God, I want him to see this. I don't want him to see this. I don't know if I want him to laugh at it or love it.

She sauntered over, hips swaying, leaned in so the tank top stretched across her tits. “Hey there” she purred, that sunny Cali accent wrapping around the words. “You’re the only brave one at the bar tonight. Everyone else is hiding at tables. Forty-five minutes till last call… so what’ll it be?”

Jeff ordered a domestic. She slid it over, fingers brushing his. “I’m Sarah. First time I’ve seen you here. Local or just passing through?”

“Conference. Here all week, then back to Florida. Corporate finance shit. You?”

She laughed, low and throaty, leaned harder on the bar so her tits rested on the edge. Crossed and uncrossed her legs behind the counter, biting the inside of her cheek as another wave slammed through her. Her hand slipped down quickly, pressed between her thighs for one sweet second. She was soaked already, panties clinging, the ache turning into this slow throb that made her want to moan right there.

“Oh, a whole week, huh?” She asked, trying to subtly show interest. “Been here two years. San Diego born and raised, guess it still shows. I’m stuck till close”

She gave him a second beer on the house. Conversation rolled easy, beach runs, golf, her laughing at his dumb jokes. The bar emptied out until it was just the jukebox humming and the two of them. Her desperation kept climbing, hotter, heavier. Every tiny shift sent sparks straight to her clit. She loved it. Loved that he kept watching, eyes dark, not looking away once.

The last table cleared as she called last call, killed the open sign, dimmed the lights. Wiped the counter one last time, keys jingling in her hand.

“Time to lock up,” she said. Another wave hit and she bit her lip hard. “You’re in town all week? maybe walk a girl to her car?”

Jeff stood. Sarah stepped out from behind the bar for the first time. Jeans hugging every curve, seam right where it hurt so good. She locked the door, warm night air wrapping around them both as they stepped into the parking lot, thighs still clamped tight.

Thought welcome. Intending on future chapters.

*009*2026-03-17 18:36

Damn guys. Didn't expect this much feedback. Thanks!

Chapter 2: Parking Lot Problem Jeff gave her that slow smile, eyes dragging over the tank and the painted-on jeans. “I'm not letting you walk alone. Not like this, especially when you’ve got that look.”

She grinned, lazy and feline. “Aren’t you a gentleman?” She turned the key to the bar to lock up, had to squeeze her thighs hard, knees knocking for a second. The pressure surged again. Piss sloshed hard against her pee hole. She needs to go… badly. Fuck.

They crossed the gravel, her arm brushing his. She tried to keep the sway in her walk but every step made the seam dig in. She was dripping, panties ruined, not from the need but from how fucking turned on it made her. The fact he could see it? Made it ten times worse. Or better. She couldn’t decide.

“So, Jeff,” she said, voice a little shaky, “what’s a finance guy doing out at two a.m.? Hotel bar not open for one last round?”

Another wave hit right then. She stopped dead, hand sliding down to press low on her belly. “Mmm… shit, sorry. Been holding it since like eight. No bathroom, customer ones busted… feels like I’m about to fucking explode. But the way you’re looking at me right now is not helping.”

Jeff’s eyes went darker. “Hotel bar’s probably still going. Or have you got any late-night spots around here?”

She uncrossed and re-crossed her legs right in the middle of the lot, ankles locked. Breathing quick and uneven. “There’s a Waffle House… best hashbrowns in Atlanta. Or… fuck it, my place is only ten minutes. I could show you.”

Sharp gasp. She jammed a hand between her thighs for half a second, pressing the denim hard against her soaked pussy. Knees wobbled. She loved that he could see her like this, but didn't want to scare him off in disgust.

She straightened up, gave him the smile again, hair falling in her face from the heat. “Don’t mind me over here trying not to piss myself in the parking lot.” she thought.

She leaned against the hood of her little silver sedan, one hip cocked, thighs still glued together, trying to find any angle that gave her a tiny bit of relief without completely losing it.

