The Abandoned Cafe

Author: FlowingFaster

*000*2026-03-16 09:34

(Content warning, this turns into a horror story, so anyone who doesn't like horror stories don't read.)

Lotta drove passed the old burger joint and discovered a vacant empty deserted part of town. This was not on any maps as her phone's map services went blank. Old buildings leaning over the road gave way to long continuous pastures ahead. Old houses became fewer as Lotta could feel her 64 ounces of grape soda beg for release. There were no markers or street signs to let her know where she is as the road stretched on.

Lotta thought she left town, but a weird chain link fence ran along both sides of the road making sure she could not pull over with warning signs of 'beware of hunters' posted all along it. The sky is a sunless gray and it softly rained the whole time.

Lotta reached a lone diner in the middle of nowhere squared. It looked damaged, run down, possibly non-operational. She stopped her car, ran to the front door to find it open, but with no one inside. Everything is dirty, messy and disastrous like faded memories of fights long in the past. Lotta decided she could run to the bathroom and quickly take off right after. As soon as she opened the door in the back, what should have been the toilet was a dark opening with a stairway going down into the dark basement. Lotta's body clenched in fear as she started to imagine all the violent killers in the world today who still have not been caught and where they could be hiding. Well she's really gotta pee bad so she followed the dark stairway going down.

The stairs kept winding downward, well beyond two or three sets of stairs with no landing yet. Lotta's bladder began to throb in desperation as she kept walking further and further down like she is progressing somewhere. She looked back up once and there is no light of the stair entrance anymore. She's in total darkness. She really needs a potty now. She's blaming herself for not just pulling her pants down outside the building on the opposite side. After five miles of stairs she felt floor.

She scrambled ahead blindly as her bladder entered panic mode. She's burning and straining trying not to have an accident grabbing both hands to her crotch. If this is a basement, it's the largest she's ever been in, she can't even find any facilities. She ran around in a big circle or what felt like a big circle trying to find the perimeter wall but led to hallways and doorways. Lotta might be lost now, but doesn't care. She's nearly bursting. She keeps hastily fumbling ahead, feeling for any doors that might lead to a toilet room even if it's some rusty, broke down unclean mold-fest.

Still nothing. The darkness stretched on and on, more hallways and doors and she heard a sound behind her. Very soft at first but became more obvious as it got closer. Lotta began freaking out. Something might be chasing her but doesn't want to see what it is. Her bladder is hot and on the edge of completely losing control. Lotta is panicking now. The unlit hallway spilled into a stairway descending even further into the darkness as the sound behind her grew closer. 

She refused to turn around. Down the second set of stairs she began to hear ominous voices and scraping sounds. Her nerves were on fire and too afraid to look around. It felt like an enclosed room of some sort, with dirt ground and as she felt around she became aware of bones, skulls and corpses everywhere. She tried not to scream and raced ahead as her bladder was beginning to give out.

Warm urine began spreading around her crotch uncontrollably as she felt a gated doorway ahead and forced it open and ran through. It's getting warm and stuffy down here and she really didn't know where she was now. She felt out rows and rows of coffins and sarcophagi and a ghoulish light ahead made her freeze on the spot. Her growing wetness between her legs began spreading faster and faster down her legs as the putrid ghosts came foward. Lotta fully voided her bladder down her pants and all over the soft brown earth at her feet. 

The ghostly wraiths made horrible sounds as Lotta felt them grab her as she screamed long into the crypt. She tried to resist but couldn't with so much piss flowing crazy fast down her legs, her bladder emptying hard and fast where she stood. The mournful wails of the dead echoed back as she was being chewed up bit by bit by the hungry ghosts and ripped apart where she stood. The gnashing teeth ripped into her body and pulled apart her limbs and everything went black very fast.

*002*2026-03-24 09:11

Modern female in a horror movie trope. She has zero common sense.

