Kaira the water mage

Author: AraHaki

*000*2026-03-26 13:22

(Part I)

It is the middle of a sunny day.

Kaira decided to enjoy the nice weather and take a walk through the park.

While enjoying the beatiful scenery she felt very drowzy all of a sudden.

Finding it harder and harder to walk in a straight line she decided to take a nap in the shade of a tree.

When Kaira woke up she felt hot and quite strange all over her body.

When she checked herself out she was quite suprised to see that her appearance changed quite a lot.

Her straight black her turned into a wavy blond.

Her white summer dress turned into a long and tight blue silk dress.

Her white sneaker turned into golden high heels.

Her silver heart chain turned into a golden chain with a blue jewel.

Her long blue nails with golden details were adorned with a lot of accessories like rings and bracelets made of gold as well.

When she stood up and checked her backside she was extremely shocked to see a long, sharp and pointy black tail and a pair of black batlike wings.

Thinking she is having a nightmare she tried to pinch herself to wake herself up.

Her nails were far sharper then she thought and her cheeck started to bleed.

Starting to panick she started to look around to find any clue.

The pavement is gone and her surroundings look more like a forest clearing then a park.

She saw a small lake quite close to her.

A lot of tall trees suround the clearing, creating a quite dark forest.

Feeling rather thirsty and wanting to get a better look at herself Kaira moved to the lake.

It took a bit of time to get used to walk in heels inside a forest.

After she got used to the heels and arrived at the lake and looked at the water she saw a extremely beatiful face that had two thick pointy horns pointing out of her hair.

She had rather light flawless skin and pointy elflike ears.

Kaira was quite suprised that the cut she created when she tried to pinch herself is completely gone as well.

After calming herself a bit down she drank a bit of water, quenching her thirst.

Not having any information and not being sure who this body belongs to she wanted to look for a settlement.

Without any other options she decided to move through the forest.

The only bits of light she had in the forest came through holes in the treetops.

After what felt like an eternity of walking she heard a nearby noise besides the birds singing on a tree branch.

It was a deep, rough and wild noise that was comming closer and closer.

Shortly after she saw a quite tall wolf.

Fearing for her life she tried to run away.

As much as she tried the wolf came nearer and nearer.

When she almost felt the breath of the beast she tripped over a tree root.

Now face to face with the growling wolf she saw the sharp claws and huge fangs.

Thinking that was it fear gripped her heart, so she closed her eyes and felt the backside of her dress grow warm and dark.

When she heard the wolf closing in her survival instincts kicked in, and her arms moved forward in an attempt to stop the beast.

As her arms moved forward she felt a warm feeling rushing from her stomach to her fingertips.

Shortly after she heard a cutting like sound and loud whimpering.

For the next minute Kaira didn't feel any pain as the whimpering grows silent.

As nothing happened and she somehow felt quite empowered she opened her eyes.

Kaira was quite suprised to see the wolf being impaled by something that looks like a hardened fluid with a slightly yellow tint.

As she closed in on the wolf the spear liquefied.

Cheeking the wold closer she noticed it was dead.

Sniffing the fluid that impaled the wolf she noticed it smelled quite a lot like pee.

Having an idea where it came from she saw that the backside of her dress is absolutely soaked, while the place where she fell down got a puddle that felt to small.

Crazy as that might sound, Kaira came to the conclusion that she might've used something like magic to impale the wold with her own piss.

(Hi that's it for part 1. I've got a few ideas for a 2nd part as well but I'll work on it when I feel like it (so it might take some time). if you've got some suggestion how to make my text sound more exciting I'm always open for suggestion)

*001*2026-04-05 12:49

(Part II)

After Kaira calmed down for a bit she got a cold sweat, it was the first time she killed a living being.

Not having any other options she decided to keep going and leave the forest as fast as possible.

After a bit more then half an hour she started to see some light at the horizon.

During the walk she got pretty used on walking long and uneven distances in her heels.

She got pretty used to the feeling of the long dress clinging to her legs as well (she never wet one this long before).

As she managed to leave the dark forest she saw a few scattered trees, bushes and a huge village in the distance.

Kaira got startled when she saw something wiggle between the bushes.

Sneaking up to the wiggling figure in the bushes she saw a female silhouette.

The silhouette was a early 20s young female with long brown hair and green eyes. She wore a white shortsleeved button up, with a brown corset, a long green skirt and brown sandals.

For Kaira it looked like she picked some herbs and fruits.

Kaira thought that the girl should have some klowledge about this world, considering she should be a native.

So Kaira said "Hi there, can I ask you a few questions?".

Not expecting someone calling out to her out of nowhere the girl got quite startled.

As she turned around she said "Ah, don't scare me like that".

When she turned around she was suprised by someone wearing a really fancy dress and heels in the forest.

On top of that the girl was mesmerized by Kairas face.

Seeing something sticking out of her head she looked at her horns.

As the girl screamed "AHHH A DEMON, PLS DON'T EAT ME!" she slightly ducked down and pressed her knees together.

The green skirt trapped between her knees turned dark green quite fast.

After a couple of minutes the girl calmed down as the demon didn't even try to attack her and just starred at her wet skirt.

Seeing and feeling that she wet her skirt the girl blushed deeply and asked "You're not going to eat me, or hurt me?".

Kaira said "yeah, I just wanted to ask you a few questions, as I woke up nearby and I'm not that sure where I am and who I am".

Hiding behind a bush the girld said "sure, as long as you won't hurt me you can ask me a few questions but can't you just check your status to check your identity?".

Kaira was pretty confused and said "my status? where can I check that?"

The girl looked at Kaira like some Alien comming from outer space and said "You just think about your status, dont they teach that to demons?".

Kaira tried to think about stuff like my status and after a bit of time she saw some sort of menu, it said:

Name: Kaira Wetlok

Race: Higher Demon

Age: 121 years

Size: 1,97m (~ 6.46 feet?)

Level: 3

HP: 310/310

Mana: 790/810

Skills: Water Magic, Water Manipulation, Lesser Night Vision, Absorb Mana, Lesser Flying, Mana Manipulation

Blessings: Blessing of the Water God, Genius Water Mage, Blessing of the Reincarnated

Equipment: Outfit of the water goddess, Accessories of the water goddess

Kaira looked at her age and murmered "when did I get this old?".

