The Mandella Effect

Author: FlowingFaster

*000*2025-12-31 06:54

Omi was a brat, even at the age of 31, and she was at her grandparents' house. She knew her grandparents were different, they belonged to a bygone era of America that no longer exists. They had passed away just a couple of years ago and Omi was at their big old house cleaning it up and putting tags on all the old things that were too big and too heavy for the moving company. Omi was entranced by a 17th century Grandfather clock that still worked to this very day. She could listen to it 'tick-tocking' the time passing by with its strange ornate door-like resin on the bottom part of it. Omi was hypnotized.

As the clock struck midnight, the chime reverberated through the whole house, like the famous Big Ben clock tower in England. Omi felt like she was being transported back in time. She doesn't like being told what to do or being put in unfamiliar places or situations. Omi fell fast asleep on her grandmother's ancient couch, it was a hell of a lot more comfortable than any furniture being made today. Omi didn't even remember to go potty first, so her bladder was gradually filling from her ice tea and one liter of water she drank earlier.

She woke up two hours later still in the same silent house on the couch and put her last price tag on the clock. Instead of the clock gonging twice for 2 am, it rung 14 times. Omi found that strange. She thought that was odd.

Back home, Omi was conversing with her husband. Strange, she doesn't remember getting married to her boyfriend, Row. Row said they were married 5 years ago and asked Omi if she had hit her head or something. Still no children. Row wanted a boy but Omi shook her head saying 'no we're not having children, they're too expensive.' Omi doesn't remember any of this but went back to her room to play with her phone. Omi couldn't find her phone, she looked everywhere, she couldn't find her phone. In the corner were a stack of fashion magazines for women.

Omi was perplexed, she has no memory of ever collecting magazines. Omi suddenly felt the fullness of her bladder and went to her bathroom to go pee. Wait, where's the bathroom? Omi couldn't find the bathroom. She looked all around her condo, there's the kitchen, living room and bedroom. No bathroom. Her bladder was really tight. She left her condo and went down the hall looking for the building's lavatories. There was a communal shower room, but no toilets and no partitions either. Omi didn't like the sight of that, seems very in favor of what men want.

Omi ran outside the whole building when the town square clock tower rang for 3pm. It had that dull, ancient gong that went on for 15 strikes instead of three.

Omi found herself in an old church house, her bladder tighter than ever. She's starting to feel desperate now. She doesn't know where she is, everything looks rustic and old fashioned. There's a preacher at the pulpit, rehearsing his speeches for next morning. All of it sounded like mumbo jumbo to Omi. Her goal in life is to be beautiful and popular, not waste time with an old book her great-grandparents read. 

She was searching around for the bathroom but couldn't find it. She went up a narrow stairs that only led to a balcony overlooking the lower audience chamber and then hurried back down. Omi started opening and closing doors not finding anything The preacher came up to Omi and said, "Omelia, your mother has come to me asking for help to cure your illness. I can help you if you will just sit down and listen."

Omi refused and ran away for the front door, pulling on the giant handles trying to get it open. At first the doors seemed sealed shut, but with effort, Omi got the doors open and ran outside. She did not recognize where she was. She saw an old dirt road running up and down from the church house, passing by wooden buildings looking like shops or small homes. As she ran down the dirt road, slightly muddy from recent rainfall, old people came outside asking her for favors. Omi refused as her bladder was screaming for relief. 

The smell of horse dung hang in the air and a bald guy with a thick beard and muscular arms stood by a big iron table of some sort. He asked Omi if she'd like an iron spear. An iron spear? When and where is she, Omi wondered? She ran to the edge of the village and realized there was nothing but wild forest and mountains beyond. She ran beyond the perimeter hoping to let go in the bushes or behind a tree when a bunch of jelly-like blobs of goo surrounded her. One smacked her and it hurt really bad, so Omi managed to duck from the second one and ran back into the village. Her bladder had begun leaking. Omi grabbed her bladder desperately asking the townsfolk for the toilet but they had no idea what she was crying about.

Omi ran into the nearest building which happened to be the tavern/inn. At first the innkeeper didn't understand until Omi grabbed herself and felt a hot leak run down her leg. The innkeeper finally took a hint and pointed to 'the water closet' outback behind the building. Omi ran into the 'water closet' slammed the door and opened the lid and then the clock in the middle of town struck 4pm, or 16 gongs specifically as Omi completely let her bladder loose.

Omi woke up with a shock back in her grandparents house peeing all over herself on the antique couch. She leapt off frantically running for the nearest bathroom as trails of urine streaked down the hallway. Omi pushed off her skirt and panties and leaped on the porcelain throne and then simply relaxed letting it all flow out. There's a clock in the bathroom that read 4 am. She's back in her own time, as she muttered 'Thank God" not realizing what she stammered out. She used to always mutter 'motherf'r.' That was different, but close enough. She just wants to be out of this old house time forgot as soon as possible.

