The Night Gwen Stacy Peed

Author: JamesK

*000*2026-04-05 21:53

Gwen Stacy stalked through the halls of Oscorp, hoping against hope to not be seen. Gwen was still dressed for work, in grey pantsuit bottoms and a blue blouse. Her shoes were professional black flats, sensible for standing for long periods of time. She wore teal boyshort panties with black stripes under her pantsuit, and a white lab coat over the whole outfit.

Her ESU internship credentials only got her so far, and the stolen ID she was using to proceed would not hold up to any scrutiny. The Green Goblin had been terrorizing the city every day this past week, committing wanton murder and abductions with no one to stop him but Spider-Man. The Avengers were offworld, the Fantastic Four in Latveria, and the X-Men had disappeared. Peter, who had revealed his identity as Spider-Man to Gwen shortly after they started dating, had confided in her that the Goblin’s secret identity was none other than Norman Osborn, CEO of Oscorp and father of their mutual best friend Harry.

For her part, Gwen could hardly believe that Mr. Osborne was really the Green Goblin. He was never the warmest father to Harry, but he surely loved him in his own way. And he had always been relatively kind to her, Peter and MJ whenever they had stayed over. It was even he who had recommended her for the exclusive Oscorp internship. But Peter said that the Goblin had unmasked himself to Spider-Man, taunting him with the knowledge that no one would believe him.

To that end, Gwen decided to help Spider-Man prove the Green Goblin’s identity. Peter had tried to refuse her help, had pleaded that she not put herself in danger, but she insisted that she could help. So he had agreed, on the conditions that Gwen wait for his signal as well as arm herself with a pair of his old web shooters. The Goblin had rampaged the last three nights, so Spider-Man expected him to do so again tonight. When the Goblin was busy, he would signal her before going to fight.

And when Peter had signaled her, Gwen had been ready. Now she was turning a corner in the highest security levels of Oscorp. As Gwen approached her destination, she realized that she had been so preoccupied with everything that she had neglected to visit a bathroom before starting her search. A constant twinge in her bladder now accompanied the weight in her chest that was the fear of detection.

Gwen put it from her mind, as there was nothing she could do about it right now. She had no idea how much time she had, and she certainly couldn’t afford to waste any of it looking for a toilet. She saw her destination and sped up; Norman’s office. Gwen was going to search his digital files and hope that the smoking gun would be there. She slipped the stolen ID out of her pocket and looked at Norman’s picture on it. If he was somehow innocent… she had no idea how she would talk her way into keeping her internship. Hell, she had no idea how she would convince him not to press charges. She felt a sharp twinge from her bladder, which she quickly subdued. After a deep breath, the young woman swiped the stolen card and entered the office.

The room was richly decorated, designed to be impressive to the very important people who came to do business here. Gwen couldn’t care less as she hurried over to the desk and signed in on Norman’s computer. Gwen’s bladder continued to fill as she browsed through file after file, not knowing exactly what she was searching for but feeling like she would know it when she saw it.

After a few very tense minutes, she spied a file name that immediately grabbed her attention.

“The Spider-Man Problem?” Gwen read aloud. She clicked on it, but all it gave her was a location in the tower. Any files connected to it could only be accessed by the computer in that room. Many other files were under similar security. She felt another surge of desperation from her bladder and crossed her legs as she wrote down the locations of files labeled “Performance Enhancers: Not Yet Suitable for Human Testing” and “Weapons Development.” Gwen stood up and rushed out the door, glancing at the bathroom just outside the office. She considered for the briefest moment stepping in to relieve herself, but knew instantly that she didn’t have enough time.

The note Gwen held had three locations written on it; which one should she check first? She read the words “Spider-Man Problem” to herself again. Even if Norman did not turn out to be the Goblin, whatever he was working on in there could spell disaster for Peter. Gwen raced down the hall, searching intently for the indicated door.

She found the lab and swiped Norman’s card to enter. Inside were dozens of empty terrariums, save for one housing a single spider. A table with several straps and surrounded by medical instruments stood in the center of the room, and one wall was lined with computers. Gwen stepped closer to the tank with the spider to examine it, a bright red creature with a number she could barely make out printed on its back: 24. Her bladder throbbed harshly, and Gwen crossed her legs again and held that pose until the urge subsided. She then walked to the computers next to the terrariums, logged in with Norman’s credentials, and sat down to read.

“Attempts at replicating the abilities of the individual known as Spider-Man have thus far been unsuccessful, though our own formula of performance enhancers show strong potential. All human trials of injecting the venom of the genetically modified spiders have invariably resulted in the death of the subject, attempt 24 will not likely be any different.”

Gwen’s heart stopped. Attempt 24. Oscorp had killed 23 people, and no one had any idea. Is that the reason the Goblin was abducting people? To test his experiments on disposable pawns? Gwen leaked a small trickle of pee almost without noticing before she sharply clamped off the stream. Her search was too important to be distracted by her bladder, but she still blushed bright red with embarrassment. The damage felt like it was contained to a coin sized damp spot in her panties, but she did not have much time to get to a toilet before her situation became very wet.

Gwen refocused and was about to pick back up reading when she heard the door open behind her. She ducked out of view and took cover behind a terrarium, not noticing that she bumped against the release for the tank as she hid. Unseen by Gwen, the red spider crawled out of the terrarium in search of freedom. She could not see who entered, but she heard them move towards the table in the center of the room and busy themselves with the straps.

Another trickle of pee escaped Gwen as she crouched out of sight, enlarging the wet spot on her panties to the size of a coaster and leaving a small stain visible on her pants.

“What… what happened? Where am I?”

Gwen heard a weak voice say.

“You’re in good hands now,” another voice replied. Gwen’s blood went cold. That voice was Norman Osborne, but different than she had ever heard it. Colder and harsher.

Gwen felt the hair standing up on the back of her neck, which disguised the other sensation of a red spider crawling on her skin.

“You and I…” Norman’s voice began. “We’re going to make history. Or at least a footnote.” Then Norman laughed, an unnerving and unhinged laugh. It was all the proof Gwen needed. She checked the web shooter Peter had insisted she wear on her wrist tonight, then she jumped up sharply and fired a web cocoon at Norman.

Her sudden movement startled the spider on her neck, which bit down. She slapped the spider off of her and saw it fall to the ground, where it lay twitching. Norman looked shocked as he was webbed to the wall, then started laughing as he saw the dead spider on the ground. He had not removed his Green Goblin suit, only his mask. He opened his mouth to speak, but Gwen fired another web at his face. The man Norman had secured to the table gaped back and forth between Gwen and Norman, then fainted.

“No no no no,” Gwen muttered to herself as she started to undo the straps binding the man. She could still hear the Goblin’s muffled laughter as he watched her struggle to hoist the unconscious man off the table, to no avail. The man was significantly larger than her; she had no chance of lifting him.

“Come on guy, you gotta help me,” Gwen muttered as she tried again to lift him. This exertion was the final straw on her overtaxed bladder. Urine began to flow freely out of her body and into her panties, hissing loudly as she peed full force. Pee streamed down her legs in powerful rivers, Gwen utterly powerless to stop the flow pouring out of her. The sound of pee hitting fabric and splattering to the floor mixed with renewed laughter from the trapped Norman Osborne. Gwen let go of the man again, no closer to moving him than before.

She put her ear to the man’s chest, listening intently for a heartbeat. Gwen was still peeing, urine filling her shoes and overflowing to splash into the puddle forming at her feet. But even under the sound of flowing pee Gwen could still hear the man’s heart, and she couldn’t abandon him. His eyes fluttered open.

“Where am I?”

Gwen’s heart flooded with relief as she finished flooding her pants. She looked at the Green Goblin, still trapped in the web and no longer laughing. She bent near to the man and whispered

“You’re at Oscorp, and you’re in danger. Can you walk?”

“I think so,” the man replied.

Gwen walked to the other side of the table to help him stand in a spot without a puddle of urine. The wet fabric of her pants rubbed against her legs as she moved. Once the man was on his feet, he took a step and staggered. Gwen helped to steady him, but she was still not strong enough to fully support him. She ushered him out into the hallway, no longer caring if they were spotted.

“Who are you?” The man asked.

“I’m just an intern here,” Gwen said. “I had no idea what they were doing.” Every word was a struggle as she tried to keep the man on his feet.

“What’s your name?” Gwen asked.

“I’m Ryan,” the man answered. He seemed to be regaining some strength as they moved agonizingly forward to the elevator.

“Gwen,” Gwen said. “I’d shake your hand, but we need to get the hell out of here.” Her shoes squelched with every step. If Ryan had seen Gwen’s accident he hadn’t said anything. Though he was so delirious it was a definite possibility that he still hadn’t noticed the large pee stain on his rescuer’s pants. Gwen pulled her phone from her pocket and tried to call Peter.

Beeeeep

“No signal,” Gwen hissed. “Alright, we just need to get to the elevator,” she told Ryan.

Ryan nodded, seemingly too weak to say anything more. The elevator was in sight, Gwen’s heart pounded as she and Ryan struggled towards it like a bad three-legged race. They entered the elevator and Gwen pounded the ground floor button. The doors closed, but just after the lift started moving she heard that harsh laughter again. Then a deafening crash as the Green Goblin blew a hole in the shaft on his glider.

The elevator slammed to an emergency stop, and for a moment there was silence. Then another explosion, and debris hitting the roof of the elevator. The elevator then shot upward as the Goblin grabbed the cables supporting it and flew away, carrying the entire car with him as he fled Oscorp. The sharp G-forces threw Gwen and Ryan to the ground, then the world went black.

Gwen had no notion of how much time had passed when she came to. Her pants were now cold and wet instead of warm and wet, and she felt a new pressure in her bladder, so she guessed roughly an hour. She was still in the elevator car, which was only lit by a thin line of moonlight from the mostly closed doors. Ryan was nowhere to be found, and the confined space smelled strongly of her own pee. She pried open the doors and gasped, jumping backwards- the elevator was on top of the George Washington Bridge.

Her sudden movements had caused the elevator car to shake precariously, and Gwen grasped the handrail tightly.

“Good morning, sleepy head,” the Green Goblin said.

Gwen turned her head sharply to see him standing there, hovering on his glider above the 600 foot drop.

“You’ve been a naughty girl, dear Gwen,” He continued.

“Where’s Ryan?” Gwen asked, glaring at the mad yellow eyes of the Goblin mask.

“Hahahah! You named him? I thought you knew better than to name the strays,” the Goblin cackled. “Because it just makes it that much harder when you have to PUT HIM DOWN! HAHAHAHAH!”

Gwen tried desperately to think of any way to escape, but none was forthcoming. She felt her wrists and found that the web shooters were gone.

“Looking for these?” The Goblin taunted, dangling the web shooters carelessly from his hand. “Very kind of Peter to let you borrow them, wasn’t it?”

Gwen froze. “Peter?” She repeated. Peter. The Goblin knew!

“Don’t feel guilty. I knew well before tonight. In fact, you’ve only accelerated a little experiment I wanted ole Pete to try.”

Gwen felt a strong tingling in the back of her head, then Goblin grabbed her by the left arm and yanked her over the bridge. Gwen tightly wrapped her free hand around the Goblin’s wrist as her feet dangled in the air. The small amount of pee that had cycled through her body since her first accident now spilled out of her as she wet herself for the second time that night, urine dripping out of the cuffs of her pants to fall the 600 feet into the Hudson River.

“Spider-Man!” The Goblin exclaimed. Spider-Man had just landed lightly on the bridge.

“Hand her over, Goblin.” There was not a hint of humor in Peter’s voice.

“After all the trouble she went to to meet me? I found her skulking around my lab at Oscorp, with a pair of your web shooters.” Goblin tossed one carelessly to him. “I must say, Peter, I thought you would treat your girlfriend more carefully.”

The lenses of Spider-Man’s mask widened.

“What?”

“Don’t play me for a fool, Peter, I’ve known for weeks. It was part of my master plan, aside from waiting until you were the only hero left in the city when I started. You’ve been a thorn in my side for long enough. If I can’t kill you, I will at least make you suffer!”

Gwen felt the tingling in her head again, and a plan formed faster than she could ever have anticipated. The other web shooter was still loosely held in the Goblin’s free hand, and Gwen lunged for it. Goblin was too focused on Spider-Man to react in time, Gwen had swiped the web shooter just before he threw her into the air over the river. Time seemed to slow down for Gwen as every sense in her body seemed to be screaming at her to SWING!

Gwen had the web gadget secured to her wrist before she even reached the apex of Goblin’s throw, and in the purest moment of instinct she aimed at the bridge and fired a web line. She swung between the huge steel cables supporting the bridge and landed safely on the tower once more. It seemed like minutes passed as she stood there in shock, realizing that what she had just done should not be possible. It worked. The spider that Oscorp had engineered had recreated Peter’s powers: and given them to her.

Gwen looked down at the bridge and considered her options. A large crowd had gathered, some people were pointing up at her. Had they seen her use the web shooter? There was still a level of plausible deniability even if they had, but it would disappear completely if she tried to wall crawl to the ground. That is, if the spider had even given her wall crawling ability- the only thing she had experienced so far seemed to be the spider sense. And now was not a good trial by fire scenario. She would just have to wait until some form of emergency rescue could get her. Gwen sat down with her back against the bridge, wincing as she felt her wet panties press against her. Right.

Gwen wondered if she would rather get off the bridge as soon as possible, or have the rescue team take long enough for her pants to dry. Shivering in the high altitude winds, she decided on the former. Her wet pants certainly didn’t help with the cold.

After a shockingly short interval, a rescue helicopter wound its way up to the bridge. One of the paramedics pulled Gwen into the helicopter. Gwen tried to somehow hide her twice-pissed pants from view, but the paramedics assured her that they had seen much worse in their time. They were taking her to the nearest hospital, where she desperately hoped that they would not need a blood sample. All this time, thoughts are chasing each other around her mind: is Peter ok? Am I ok? Am I a superhero now? Do I want to be?

Before entering the hospital, the paramedics gave Gwen a blanket to wrap around herself and conceal her accident as they accompanied her to an exam room. A nurse brought her a hospital gown to change into, which she did gratefully before a doctor arrived and gave her a quick physical examination (that did not involve a blood sample).

The doctor said that nothing appeared out of the ordinary and cleared her to leave. Gwen called MJ, told her a very abbreviated version of events and asked her to bring her a change of clothes. She also tried calling Peter several times, but he wasn’t answering.

In the seclusion of the hospital room, Gwen found herself thinking hard. She was weighing her future in her mind, trying to decide what she should do. Her father had died saving lives, trying to protect people caught in a battle that was beyond them. She herself had come very close to dying tonight trying to find the truth about the Green Goblin and help Peter defeat him. She had done everything she could to save the man that the Goblin had kidnapped even without any superpowers; could she have saved him if she had powers? Peter said he did what he did because he had a responsibility, that a person who had the power to help others had the duty to do so. And with that, Gwen made up her mind. She will become Spider-Woman.

