I’ll Make You Trust Me

Author: Mignonne

*000*2026-03-04 08:33

It had been a long time since she had felt this way. Leah Sommer sat atop the wrought iron chair of the outdoor table at the Smoothie Shack, waiting for her boyfriend to return. The sun beat down on her skin, warming it with a healthy glow. She’d never been exactly tan. A bit pale, really, from helping Remi with his work when she could. She really adored him, but lately…

She chewed on one soft pink lower lip as she stared through the window. Remington Moulin was a tall man, broad-shouldered and clean-cut. That didn’t mean anything, though. If looks could save a relationship… well, then they probably wouldn’t be here right now. She knew that much. It had been a long weekend, spent in tears after a massive argument. Remi had been busy with work, and she just didn’t feel like he was making enough time for her. She’d been lonely. He’d declared that he had to work, that it was just a rough patch and that he’d have time for her soon. She just didn’t know what was so important that he couldn’t take an evening off, just one, so that they could spend it together. They’d spent the weekend frustrated, bickering, and ultimately she’d spent bedtime in exhausted tears in Remi’s arms.

They’d been together for two years and things didn’t feel monotonous, but they’d been rough. She’d left work to study once she’d moved in, spending her time doing what she could to feel useful. She just… didn’t feel like enough sometimes. Not that those thoughts lingered as Remi returned with his handsome smile, a smoothie of a purplish color handed to her, his own orange. This was their compromise. A date Monday morning, when he said that work would slow.

She took a sip of her smoothie, the rich scent of berries washing over her tongue before she spoke to him.

“Thank you,” she murmured, glancing down at the chilled concoction in her hand. No whip, just the largest size they had of pure, fruity goodness. She sighed softly as her shoulders sagged a little.

“I’m really glad to be here with you. I know I’ve apologized a dozen times, but I really am sorry,” Leah rambled, only for Remi to chuckle and fondly shake his head. He took one of her hands, rolling his thumbs gently over her knuckles. He always did know how to comfort her.

“It’s fine. I’m sorry too. And besides, I’ve finished that massive project I was working on, so only good things from here on out, okay?” Remi told her, and they shared a smile for a moment, his warm brown eyes settling upon her soft blue ones. She all but melted. How could she not believe him? It wasn’t like she’d been mad at him. Just the distance. She intertwined her fingers with his, her smile growing and eyes twinkling with a quiet happiness as she sipped her smoothie.

“Okay,” Leah responded.

They spent the rest of their date chattering about nothing, making up for lost time like it had never existed, sipping smoothies and spending the evening bathed in sunlight. She strolled to the car as usual alongside him, feeling much better than she had in ages. The next couple of weeks meant much more time with Remi. He’d promised that.

She was still smiling to herself as he stopped at the supermarket, telling her that he needed to grab a few things. She glanced out of the window, watching the people pass through the smooth glass, warmed by sunlight. She watched them chatter, walk and smile, parents and kids, young couples, old people on their day out for shopping. Her eyes shifted to the entryway of the store after a while. It felt like Remi was taking a while. She wished that he’d hurry up. With all that she’d drank, she’d probably have to pee soon. It was a wonder she wasn’t feeling it already. He knew she had accidents sometimes. Sometimes, he caused them on purpose. Maybe she’d gotten a little better at holding it.

Her finger tapped impatiently at the car door as she waited, beginning to hum a tune to herself. She quieted as she saw Remi emerge, squinting to try to see what he’d purchased from afar one moment, the next, her eyes shot wide.

She felt a searing heat between her legs, rapidly cooling into a comfortable warmth as the heat spread beneath her. She felt it envelop the curve of her ass and soak the thighs of her jeans. She glanced down, speechless, the unmistakable scent of urine permeating the car. She spread her legs slightly, her mouth parted as she gawked at the massive wet patch between her legs, a small puddle atop the car seat cover that still hadn’t soaked in. She slammed her legs shut, reaching for a jacket in the back as she heard the trunk open, forcing her from her shock. She hadn’t felt it at all. Why hadn’t she felt it? Remi was going to be back in the car in a second and know she wet herself! Majorly!

She felt tears prick her eyes as she flung the jacket haphazardly over her lap, smoothing it down and trying to act natural as Remi returned.

“What took you so long? I could have sworn you were buying the whole store!” She chuckled, avoiding looking at him. She was staring out of the window again, trying to cool her racing heart.

“I told you, just had to get a couple of things,” he responded before glancing at her, arching a brow, “I thought you said it felt nice out today? What’s up with the coat?”

“I got a little chilly waiting,” she lied.

“And that’s why it smells like pee in here?”

Busted.

She fought the tears as they fought to fall from her eyes, wide-eyed as her gaze swiveled to him. He was yanking the jacket from her lap and she rushed to shove her hands between her soaking thighs, not that it did anything. The wet patch stretched well beyond them.

“I-I didn’t mean to! I promise! It was the weirdest thing, I swear! I didn’t even feel like I had to pee at all and then I just… wet myself. It just came out. I’m serious-“ she rambled, her voice high with nerves and embarrassment.

“I know,” Remi responded, offering her a reassuring smile.

“Really, it was an acci- wait, you know?” She asked, looking confused. Grimaced as she felt a few warm drops slip through her already soaked jeans, warming her hands. No way. Was she peeing again? She hoped Remi didn’t notice.

“I know,” he repeated himself, waiting patiently for her to begin to recover from her confusion.

“We’ve had trouble trusting each other recently. We’ve also had trouble communicating. I was trying to surprise you with a vacation. But… I think we need some time to ourselves,” he informed her.

“I-I’m confused. What are you trying to tell me?” Leah responded, her voice hushed.

“Starting today, you are incontinent until I give you the antidote. You’ll have to tell me when you need me, and I’ll have to tend to your needs. Sounds like you need a change already,” he informed her, beginning to start up the car.

She grew silent for a moment as she sat, her pants growing cold and clammy beneath her. She hadn’t felt the desire to go at all. She hadn’t been the slightest bit desperate. It was like it just… wasn’t a need. Until she’d felt it. Incontinent?

She squirmed a little, irritated by the feeling of damp, cold panties pressed against her pussy and the way that her jeans stuck to her thighs. She thought of all the times that she quietly tended to his needs without even thinking of her own. Honestly… that had led to a couple of her accidents. The ones he hadn’t caused. She didn’t hate the idea. Honestly… the idea of not having any control kind of turned her on. She really hated the coldness clinging to her now, though. She wanted to go home and change, to get out of her piss-soaked panties and into something clean. Except… if she was incontinent, this would happen again, and again, and again…

“Remi… are you going to tell me what you bought now?” She asked softly.

“Well, you‘ll be needing diapers. Guess I didn’t get them fast enough. But I got everything I’ll need to take care of you,” he responded, focusing on the road. She nodded quietly although she chewed at her lower lip. Diapers were embarrassing. He’d put them on her a couple of times before after a spanking for her accidents, but they’d probably be a lot warmer than the clothes she wore now. Remi said that he wanted her to communicate her needs, right? Well… she could try.

“Um, Remi?” She asked, hesitating. She watched him glance over before his eyes shifted back to the road, “Will you… please… change me when we get home?”

She could hear the fondness in his chuckle from where she sat, although his silence made her nervous. They were nearly home, and he hadn’t said anything. She sat there awkwardly in her stained pants as she waited, only for him to finally turn to her as they pulled into the driveway. He cupped her cheek, running a thumb along her cheekbone as he responded to her, leaning in.

“Oh, I already planned to,” he finally answered, leaving her to wonder why he’d waited so long just to say that as his lips closed in. He was full of surprises today. Surprises that she forgot as full lips pressed into hers, making her gasp and sending butterflies to her stomach as they kissed for a while, her gaze hovering upon his lips as he pulled away. She watched as they parted, the rumble of his voice audible yet again.

“And one more thing,” he began with a smile, pulling away. He held her gaze as he sat up straight, leaving her looking worried as she gazed up at him.

“I’m very disappointed that you tried to lie to me. I’ve cleaned up after you before. I think you deserve a punishment,” came the low rumble of his voice, sending shocks of mortification and delight running through her, warming her and leaving excitement to take root. She glanced away, her cheeks flushing as she realized that she didn’t know what that meant for her, but she sure would find out soon.

—

Hey guys, Mignonne here!

I’ve never written fiction here before but I got this idea for a short story. I think I want to add a couple of additions to it before leaving it alone just to see what happens. I’m really nervous to try and share my writing, but I’d love any feedback or to know if this is something you’d like to see more of!

I think it’ll be heavy on diapering, BDSM, bathroom control and of course, wetting. I think at some point it would transition back from what it is now to regular bathroom control without the incontinence content. Messing is not planned to be a part of this story

Thanks for reading!


