Late shift

Author: poodle21

*000*2026-03-23 04:57

Abi was at the campus sports centre several times a week. Even before she started working there part time, she was often there playing volleyball, but tonight she was doing a late shift behind the front desk. Normally there were two staff on the desk in the evenings because it was often busy but on this occasion, and not for the first time, she was on her own as her colleague had called in sick.

It was almost closing time, and Abi already had her bag zipped up, with her empty water bottle inside, and her hoodie on over her uniform's green polo shirt. A group of three girls came out from the womens changing room. All of them with visibly wet hair, and gazing at their phones as they headed towards the main doors, which swished open as they approached. The changing room door was propped open by the cleaning cart. Abi knew that Mary would already by mopping the floors and wouldn't want anyone going in now.

Abi shifted her weight from foot to foot as she waited for the manager to come and tell her she could leave. She checked the time on her phone. Still five minutes. The lobby was deserted now, apart from her. She picked up her phone again and scrolled through posts as a distraction. She lifted one foot up then slowly put it down again, then did the same with the other one.

If she had any complaint about her job here, it was this. If she was on the desk by herself in the evening and it was busy, she couldn't take a comfort break until closing time, when the toilets were out of action for cleaning. This wasn't a big complaint though, because Abi lived in a student hall within walking distance at the other side of the campus and so relief was, at most, an uncomfortable but safe 15 minutes away.

There was another option however, with only a couple of minutes of full-bladder discomfort, and this was in Abi's mind as she finally was able to swing her backpack over her shoulder and head out.

A gentle breeze blew a discarded wrapper across the car park, and Abi felt it cool against her bare legs. Over the car park now and onto this strip of grass for a bit now before reaching the main footpath that wended its way from one end of the campus to the other. Abi couldn't hear or see anyone here, and carefully looked around as she stopped walking. Still no-one. Satisfied, she moved her feet wide apart on the grass and started to wet her knickers. She needed to go quite badly, and her stream was immediately full-on. The relief was a joy and a thrill and she grinned into the shadows as hot rivers ran down her legs and splashed off her knees onto the grass. Her nylon shorts clung to her thighs and her saturated knickers spread warm wetness outwards from her crotch and up between her buttocks as the fabric stuck to her skin.

As soon as her flow stopped, Abi moved her feet back and started walking normally again. She knew her socks would catch any last drips that rolled down her leg, and the dark nylon shorts looked the same wet or dry, so she felt perfectly confident in walking the rest of the way back, no matter who she might meet.

