The East European Girl!

Author: MikeB

*000*2026-03-15 22:10

Peter, Mike and one other friends from the university were planning to go to an open air concert.

Their friend came with his parents a few years ago from Eastern Europe.

Currently was his cousin, a 18 years old girl, visiting them and she wanted to come with them to the open air concert because one of her favorite bands was playing there.

Peter and Mike didn’t mind and so they picked them up at this special day at 8 am.

Peter was the driver, he stopped right in front of the house where the two were already waiting.

Both, Peter and Mike were speechless when they saw the girl.

She was young, just a few months older than 18 years, she wasn’t wearing any makeup, no lipstick, nothing else like that, she was simply naturally beautiful, a beauty of nature!

She wore a simple short dress that showed off her beautiful body and a lot of her bare skin.

The two got in the back of the car and soon it became clear that the girl didn’t speak their language, so the boy had to translate their talking.

But that wasn’t so important, what mattered was that the girl was a pleasure to look at.

One of the bands was already playing when they arrived around 10 am.

They listened to the music, ate, drank and had a lot of fun together.

Peter and Mike watched the girl closely, constantly trying to catch a glimpse under her short dress to see her naked thighs and her panties.

Once they were standing quite a ways back, the boy lifted the girl onto his shoulders so she could better see to the stage. At that opportunity Peter and Mike could see her bare thighs up to the top and they could see her little white cotton panties.

The girl was pretty, cute and sexy at the same way!

The two envied their friend, they would have loved to have the girl sitting on their shoulders to feel her warm, moist pussy against their necks separated just by a little piece of fabric from her panties and to feel her bare, sexy thighs on their cheeks.

It was already late afternoon and of course they noticed that the gal hadn’t peed until now.

”She’s really great, she’s pretty and she’s got a strong bladder too.” Said Peter to Mike and Mike replied “ She is simply a sensation.”

It was well past 10 pm by the time the event ended and when they walked to their car.

Less than a half an hour into the drive, asked the guy if they could stop briefly at the next rest area, or gas station.

”She really has to go and it’s very, very urgent.” He said, feeling a little guilty.

Peter’s and Mike’s cocks went rock-hard at the moment they heard that.

”Poor girl, there aren’t any rest stops or gas stations along the way, she’ll probably have to hold out for another two hours.” Said Peter with a smirk.

”But why didn’t she pee before we left?” He asked and was really glad that she hadn’t gone.

”It’s not that simple. In our culture, girls don’t ask for a loo when they are with guys they don’t know. They are used to suppressing their urge sometimes for very long periods of time.

We boys sometimes admire our girls for their ability and some of us love it to see the girls with their legs tight crossed.

When it’s really necessary, someone accompanies them to the loo .

My cousin had already asked me that afternoon if i could take her to the loo, but i told her to wait and now it is night and she is still waiting and she still hasn’t weed.

A little while ago, on the way to the car, she asked me again and i told her to wait until we get home.

It wasn’t fair, now i feel a little guilty, she had drunk just as much as we had, we went twice while she didn’t wee only once since 7 in the morning.

Our girls are used a lot, but even they have to go sometimes.

I would have to go already a third time, i think that her bladder must be totally overfilled and stretched to burst.” Said the boy.

The poor girl was at the border of her endurance, she didn’t wee since 17 hours.

She whispered something to his cousin and he translated it.

“She asked how much longer it will last before she can get to the loo and she said that she could hardly stand it anymore and that she would not be able to hold it much longer.”translated the boy.

”But she has to be able to hold it, she will not get another opportunity, or I’ll pull over and let her pee next to the car, I would love to watch her.”Answered Peter.

”She’d never do that, she’d rather explode than pee in front of you.” replied the guy.

”Well, then she’ll just have to suffer, the poor thing.” said Peter full of horniness.

”You can help her so she doesn’t have to strain so much, just press a finger against her little hole so she doesn’t get my seat wet. I’d love to help her that way.” continued Peter.

”I’d love to help her too!” Said Mike and imagined to have his finger inside the girl’s slit, where her wee had been trying so hard to get out for so long.

”I can understand that you two horny guys would love to stick your fingers in my pretty cousin’s panties and to touch her young pussy, and i can understand it that it turns you on that she has to go so badly, because the thought that she hasn’t peed since 7 this morning, really turn’s me on too!

That’s also why i didn’t go to the loo with her at afternoon and why i didn’t let her go before leaving.

Since i can remember it was turning me on when girls had to wee badly and couldn’t go for hours on end.” said the guy.

Peter and Mike looked at each other and were happy that their classmate was one of them.

”Should we take a long detour with her?” asked Peter the two other boys sadistically.

*003*2026-03-27 01:10

{{On 3/19/2026 at 9:56 PM, ihms said:

Wow this is some good stuff. keep going!

}}

Thank you!

*004*2026-03-29 08:15

The three boys knew now for sure that the pretty, young girl in their car really had to pee.

They knew she had already begged in the afternoon to be allowed to use the loo.

They knew that she had asked her cousin to take her to a toilet, but that he hadn’t done because he wanted to take horniness on the girls distress and that’s why he didn’t let her to the loo before leaving and why she had to get in the car without to do a much needed wee.

Girls desperate to pee turns him on very much and that’s why he didn’t let her go.

After not peeing for so long, after holding her wee back for so long, after suppressing her urge since hours, she really, really had to go.

The boys thought with horniness and lust about her bladder. About how big and overfilled it must have been after such a long time.

They imagined how swollen the girl’s belly must have been and how tightly she must have her slit clenched to keep her little white panties dry.

“ How long do you think that your well trained cousin can keep that up?” Asked Peter, looked in the rear view mirror and watched that the girl leaned forward to make more room for her bladder in her slim belly.

”I don’t know, i haven’t spent much time with her, so i don’t know how good she is in pee holding, but i don’t think she can hold it much longer, she is in urgent need for already very long. Even girls who are in good shape have to go sometimes.”Answered the boy.

”Will she rather piss herself than squat to piss in front of us?” Wanted Milk to know.

”You’re asking me questions which i can’t answer. I don’t think she’ll do either, both would be a shame for her.

She will hold it back with all her bodily strength and with all her will power.

I told you before, our girls are used and trained to hold it and to maintain discipline.” replied the guy.

“Then we should test how much she can endure!!!

Tomorrow is Sunday, we don’t have to get up early in the morning.

We’re going to a drive-in for a drink and make her hold longer . Then we will see how much she can endure, how much she can stand and how good she is really trained to hold it.

Pee holding is the greatest challenge to a girl’s discipline.

I know that it’s not fair, she is such a pretty, such a beautiful, lovable girl and we want her to torture so much, but the more beautiful a girl is, the more i want to see her desperate.

The more sexy girl’s legs are the more i want to see them crossed from needing to wee, because they gets then even more sexy for me.

”Have you seen many girls desperate in your country, because of your pee rules for girls?

“ There are no real rules, it’s just that girls don’t, or can’t pee when they have to, but only when they get the chance and until they have to wait.

In the summer, we have a lot of outdoor events in parks, or on grassy fields.

You can eat and drink, but there aren’t any toilets or porta loo’s like in your country.

Boys and men go into the bushes, while girls and women don’t go at all.

No one cares whether a girl has to pee or not, a girl is expected to hold it in.

A while ago, i went with some friends to an event like that. Late in the evening said one of the guys that he had to leave because his girlfriend had to go so urgently.

Another guy said that his girlfriend had been complaining for hours too, but that couldn’t be a reason for them to leave earlier.

Those are girls and girls have to wait and to hold it until we leave. It can’t be right that we go home just because our girls have to piss, he said and ordered another round of drinks.

Our society is becoming more and more soft and our girls get’s more and more mollycoddled.

Back in the days, girls didn’t even dare to say they had to pee, they just held it back even when their bladders were about to explode, they were waiting until they could piss at home no matter how long it lasted.

Girls had to be able to do that and look at our girls, he pointed to their girls who were standing a little further away, they’re all standing with their legs tight crossed, they’re showing everyone that they have to piss. This development is really a shame! No discipline that gal.

Look at the middle aged women, i think they are all very full as well , but they are standing upright and with their legs apart.

Another guy said “ My girl is still old fashioned, she would stay here with us until tomorrow morning and wouldn’t even dare to ask for going home because she really needs to.

Some guys are really proud of their girlfriends strong bladders.

“ That is just an example to show you what we expect from a girl. There are no laws or rules. It’s just our culture and customs that boys can pee, but girls have to hold.

Maybe another reason is that girls have to show their bare butts and their pussies when they are peeing and decent girls don’t do that, only whores do.

All three of them were very horny about this talk and about the knowledge that they have a beautiful girl, full to burst in their car.

”On one hand, i think it’s really hot that she has to go so badly, but on the other hand i feel guilty that she has to suffer like this because of me.” Said the cousin.

”She is breathing heavily, i can feel her body trembling from the effort of holding her wee back, her urge must already be very painful and her bladder must be hurting her a lot, after holding it for so long. She has been so brave, we should have pity with her, we should bring her home as soon as possible.” he continued.

”Of course, i feel a little sorry for her, but we might not get another chance like this, or maybe never again, a chance to prevent such a beautiful girl from peeing.

We have to take advantage of the opportunity, we make her drink and keep her from peeing for as long as any possible.” Said Peter.

